Dev:API
=======

Date: 2012-11-13 17:21:50

[Understanding YaCy crawl profiles: ]{.autocomment} added new deleteold
options

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 13. November 2012, 16:21 Uhr

Zeile 642:

Zeile 642:

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'mustnotmatch\'\'\' =  

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'mustnotmatch\'\'\' =  

</div>

 

<div>

\|This filter must not match with the URL to allow that the page is
accepted for crawling. The empty string is a never-match filter which
should do well for most cases.

</div>

 

<div>

\|This filter must not match with the URL to allow that the page is
accepted for crawling. The empty string is a never-match filter which
should do well for most cases.

</div>

−

<div>

~~\|-~~

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~\|\'\'\'deleteold\'\'\' =~~

</div>

 

−

<div>

~~\|if \'range\' is either \'domain\' or \'subpath\' or the
mustmatch-value is not catchall, this option can be used to delete all
urls for given start-hosts. The deletion is done if deleteold=on~~

</div>

 

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'ipMustmatch\'\'\' =

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'ipMustmatch\'\'\' =

</div>

Zeile 658:

Zeile 655:

 

<div>

\|This filter must not match to allow that the page is accepted for
indexong. Default is an empty string, which is a never-match to exclude
no documents from indexing.

</div>

 

<div>

\|This filter must not match to allow that the page is accepted for
indexong. Default is an empty string, which is a never-match to exclude
no documents from indexing.

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

−

<div>

\|\'\'\'~~recrawl~~\'\'\' =  

</div>

\+

<div>

\|\'\'\'[deleteold]{.underline}\'\'\' =  

</div>

−

<div>

\|~~value~~ is either \'~~nodoubles~~\'~~,~~ \'~~reload~~\' or
~~\'scheduler\'. This~~ value is ~~a switch which activates the usage
of~~ \'~~crawlingIfOlderNumber~~\'~~,~~ \'~~crawlingIfOlderUnit~~\',
\'~~repeat\_time~~\' ~~and~~ \'~~repeat\_unit~~\' ~~values~~. If
\'~~nodoubles~~\' is ~~selected then every url that~~ the ~~crawler
discovers and is already stored in the index is rejected and not loaded
again. If~~ \'~~reload~~\' ~~is selected then~~
\'~~crawlingIfOlderNumber~~\' and ~~\'crawlingIfOlderUnit\' is a~~ limit
for the ~~double-check~~: if the load date of a ~~new page url~~ is
older than the given time, then it is ~~considered as stale and reloaded
for indexing. If it is newer then it is considered as fresh and
therefore as \'double\' in the double-chech. If \'scheduler\' is
selected, then the crawl is automatically repeated after the given
time-out~~.

</div>

\+

<div>

\|[if \'range\']{.underline} is either \'[domain]{.underline}\'
[or]{.underline} \'[subpath]{.underline}\' or [the
mustmatch-]{.underline}value is [not catchall, this option can be used
to delete all urls for given start-hosts. Possible values
for]{.underline} \'[deleteold]{.underline}\' [are]{.underline}
\'[off]{.underline}\' [(do not delete)]{.underline},
\'[on]{.underline}\' [(delete all documents for the start host(s),
or]{.underline} \'[age]{.underline}\'. If \'[age]{.underline}\' is
[used,]{.underline} the [values]{.underline}
\'[deleteIfOlderNumber]{.underline}\' [and]{.underline}
\'[deleteIfOlderUnit]{.underline}\' [must be set]{.underline} and [this
defines the]{.underline} limit for the [deletion]{.underline}: if the
load date of a [stored document]{.underline} is older than the given
time, then it is [deleted]{.underline}.  

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

−

<div>

\|\'\'\'~~crawlingIfOlderNumber~~\'\'\' =  

</div>

\+

<div>

\|\'\'\'[deleteIfOlderNumber]{.underline}\'\'\' =  

</div>

−

<div>

\|If \'~~recrawl~~\' is \'~~reload~~\', then this must be set with a
numeric value. The unit is given in field \'~~crawlingIfOlderUnit~~\'.

</div>

\+

<div>

\|If \'[deleteold]{.underline}\' is \'[age]{.underline}\', then this
must be set with a numeric value. The unit is given in field
\'[deleteIfOlderUnit]{.underline}\'.

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

−

<div>

\|\'\'\'~~crawlingIfOlderUnit~~\'\'\' =  

</div>

\+

<div>

\|\'\'\'[deleteIfOlderUnit]{.underline}\'\'\' =  

</div>

 

<div>

\| Possible values are \'year\', \'month\', \'day\', \'hour\'

</div>

 

<div>

\| Possible values are \'year\', \'month\', \'day\', \'hour\'

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

−

<div>

\|\'\'\'~~repeat\_time~~\'\'\' =  

</div>

\+

<div>

\|\'\'\'[recrawl]{.underline}\'\'\' =  

</div>

−

<div>

\| ~~If~~ \'~~recrawl~~\' is \'~~scheduler~~\', then ~~this must be set
with a numeric value~~. ~~The unit~~ is given ~~in field~~
\'~~crawlingIfOlderUnit~~\'.

</div>

\+

<div>

\|[value is either]{.underline} \'[nodoubles]{.underline}\' [or
\'reload\'. This value]{.underline} is [a switch which activates the
usage of]{.underline} \'[reloadIfOlderNumber]{.underline}\', [and
\'reloadIfOlderUnit\' values. If \'nodoubles\' is selected]{.underline}
then [every url that the crawler discovers and is already stored in the
index is rejected and not loaded again]{.underline}. [If
\'reload\']{.underline} is [selected then \'reloadIfOlderNumber\' and
\'reloadIfOlderUnit\' is a limit for the double-check: if the load date
of a new page url is older than the]{.underline} given [time, then it is
considered as stale and reloaded for indexing. If it is newer then it is
considered as fresh and therefore as]{.underline}
\'[double]{.underline}\' [in the double-chech]{.underline}.

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

−

<div>

\|\'\'\'~~repeat\_unit~~\'\'\' =  

</div>

\+

<div>

\|\'\'\'[reloadIfOlderNumber\'\'\' =]{.underline}

</div>

−

<div>

\| Possible values are \'~~minutes~~\', \'~~hours~~\', \'~~days~~\'

</div>

\+

<div>

[\|If \'recrawl\' is \'reload\', then this must be set with a numeric
value. The unit is given in field \'crawlingIfOlderUnit\'.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|\'\'\'reloadIfOlderUnit]{.underline}\'\'\' =  

</div>

 

\+

<div>

\| Possible values are \'[year\', \'month]{.underline}\',
\'[day]{.underline}\', \'[hour]{.underline}\'

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'crawlingDomMaxCheck\'\'\' =  

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'crawlingDomMaxCheck\'\'\' =  

</div>
