Dev:API
=======

Date: 2012-11-05 14:50:59

[Understanding YaCy crawl profiles: ]{.autocomment} added deleteold
option

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 5. November 2012, 13:50 Uhr

(Eine dazwischenliegende Version von einem Benutzer wird nicht
angezeigt)

Zeile 641:

Zeile 641:

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'mustnotmatch\'\'\' =  

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'mustnotmatch\'\'\' =  

</div>

−

<div>

\|This filter must not match with the URL to allow that the page is
accepted for crawling. The empty string is a never-match filter which
should do well for most cases.  

</div>

\+

<div>

\|This filter must not match with the URL to allow that the page is
accepted for crawling. The empty string is a never-match filter which
should do well for most cases.

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|\'\'\'deleteold\'\'\' =]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|if \'range\' is either \'domain\' or \'subpath\' or the
mustmatch-value is not catchall, this option can be used to delete all
urls for given start-hosts. The deletion is done if
deleteold=on]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'ipMustmatch\'\'\' =

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'ipMustmatch\'\'\' =

</div>

Zeile 655:

Zeile 658:

 

<div>

\|This filter must not match to allow that the page is accepted for
indexong. Default is an empty string, which is a never-match to exclude
no documents from indexing.

</div>

 

<div>

\|This filter must not match to allow that the page is accepted for
indexong. Default is an empty string, which is a never-match to exclude
no documents from indexing.

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

−

<div>

\|\'\'\'~~crawlingIfOlderCheck~~\'\'\' =  

</div>

\+

<div>

\|\'\'\'[recrawl]{.underline}\'\'\' =  

</div>

−

<div>

\|value is either \'~~on~~\' or \'~~off~~\'~~; default~~ is \'~~off~~\'.
If \'~~on~~\'~~. web pages~~ that ~~are~~ already ~~existent~~ in the
~~peers database are crawled~~ and ~~indexed~~ again. ~~It depends on
the age of the last crawl if this~~ is ~~done or not~~: if the ~~last
crawl~~ is older than the given ~~date~~, ~~the page~~ is ~~crawled
again, otherwise~~ it is ~~treated~~ as \'double\' ~~and not loaded or
indexed again~~.

</div>

\+

<div>

\|value is either \'[nodoubles\', \'reload]{.underline}\' or
\'[scheduler]{.underline}\'[. This value]{.underline} is [a switch which
activates the usage of \'crawlingIfOlderNumber\',
\'crawlingIfOlderUnit\', \'repeat\_time\' and]{.underline}
\'[repeat\_unit]{.underline}\' [values]{.underline}. If
\'[nodoubles]{.underline}\' [is selected then every url]{.underline}
that [the crawler discovers and is]{.underline} already
[stored]{.underline} in the [index is rejected]{.underline} and [not
loaded]{.underline} again. [If \'reload\']{.underline} is [selected then
\'crawlingIfOlderNumber\' and \'crawlingIfOlderUnit\' is a limit for the
double-check]{.underline}: if the [load date of a new page
url]{.underline} is older than the given [time]{.underline}, [then
it]{.underline} is [considered as stale and reloaded for indexing.
If]{.underline} it is [newer then it is considered as fresh and
therefore]{.underline} as \'double\' [in the double-chech. If
\'scheduler\' is selected, then the crawl is automatically repeated
after the given time-out]{.underline}.

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'crawlingIfOlderNumber\'\'\' =  

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'crawlingIfOlderNumber\'\'\' =  

</div>

−

<div>

\|If \'~~crawlingIfOrderCheck~~\' is \'~~on~~\', then this must be set
with a numeric value. The unit is given in field
\'crawlingIfOlderUnit\'.

</div>

\+

<div>

\|If \'[recrawl]{.underline}\' is \'[reload]{.underline}\', then this
must be set with a numeric value. The unit is given in field
\'crawlingIfOlderUnit\'.

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'crawlingIfOlderUnit\'\'\' =  

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'crawlingIfOlderUnit\'\'\' =  

</div>

 

<div>

\| Possible values are \'year\', \'month\', \'day\', \'hour\'

</div>

 

<div>

\| Possible values are \'year\', \'month\', \'day\', \'hour\'

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|\'\'\'repeat\_time\'\'\' =]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\| If \'recrawl\' is \'scheduler\', then this must be set with a
numeric value. The unit is given in field
\'crawlingIfOlderUnit\'.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|\'\'\'repeat\_unit\'\'\' =]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\| Possible values are \'minutes\', \'hours\', \'days\']{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'crawlingDomMaxCheck\'\'\' =  

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'crawlingDomMaxCheck\'\'\' =  

</div>
