Hilfe für Einsteiger und Anwender • Re: Yacy noob questions.
============================================================

Date: 2013-08-25 12:36:18

Hi!\

> <div>
>
> Giorgos hat geschrieben:\
> 1) How can I limit the memory usage?\
> I\'ve set it at 50MB with max 150MB, however the memory usage is
> increasing over time, till \~ \>450MB.\
>
> </div>

\
My peer also uses more ram than assigned, but I don\'t know the reason.
Maybe it\'s caused by buffer overflows?\
\

> <div>
>
> Giorgos hat geschrieben:\
> 2) What ports needs to be opened at peerguardian?\
> I suppose 8090 TCP.\
> Incoming? Outgoing? Forwarding? All the above?\
>
> </div>

\
In your firewall and router/modem, you need to allow TCP-traffic for the
port 8090. But since peerguardian is an ip-blocker who simply let\'s you
block bad ips (right?), I think you don\'t have to change any of it
settings. Unless it turns out, you can\'t connect to the network at all,
which probably means that all of the [principal
peers](http://www.yacy-websuche.de/wiki/index.php/En:FAQ#What_does_Virgin.2C_Junior.2C_Senior.2C_Principal_Status_mean.3F){.postlink}
are in your blacklists.\
\

> <div>
>
> Giorgos hat geschrieben:\
> Does it needs UDP access too? Any other ports needs to be opened?\
>
> </div>

\
2x No\
\

> <div>
>
> Giorgos hat geschrieben:\
> 1) Please translate the forum interface to English too.\
>
> </div>

\
Yeah, I know, the forum interface should automatically be displayed in
english, if the website detects that the user has set a language other
than german in his web browser preferences. But unfortunately, you have
to do this manually in your forum account settings (which are displayed
in german by default, lol).\
\
Here\'s a little guide:\
1. After logging in, go to the said settings here:
[ucp.php?i=165](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/ucp.php?i=165){.postlink-local}\
2. Under \"Meine Sprache\" choose \"British English\"\
3. Click the button \"Absenden\".\
\

> <div>
>
> Giorgos hat geschrieben:\
> 2) Is it possible to add GPG repository keys?\
>
> </div>

\
I have no clue, someone else has to answer this question.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[David](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8887)
--- So Aug 25, 2013 11:36 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
