Dev:Seed
========

Date: 2013-11-22 12:07:37

Seed anatonomy description

**Neue Seite**

<div>

A peer seed is the description of the anatomy of a peer. This is
represented with a map of properties, which is called the DNA of a seed.
The peer DNA contains the following nucleotides:\
\* \"Name\" - the name of the peer\
\* \"Hash\" - the peer hash, the unique identification and the DHT
position of the peer. This is a 12-character ASCII which is generated
from a \[\[Dev:EnhancedBase64\|Enhanced Base64\]\] encoding of a 72-bit
cardinal number.\
\* \"IP\" - the current IP of the peer, which may change frequently. The
IP is assigned by the contacted peer, not by the contacting peer.\
\* \"Port\" - the port where YaCy is running. This is assigned by the
contacting peer.\
\* \"BDate\" - Birthday = first startup time\
\* \"Version\" - a version string\
\* \"UTC\" - the UTC-Offset of the peer in context of the clock setting
of the hosting computer (this does not show acually a hint of the
longitude because every user can assign any UTC offset independently of
the location)\
\* \"LastSeen\" - a timestamp given by any peer which had contact with
the peer\
\* \"PeerType\" - the type of the peer, which can be \"virgin\",
\"junior\", \"mentee\", \"senior\", \"mentor\", \"principal\";\
\* \"ISpeed\" - the speed of indexing (pages/minute) of the peer\
\* \"RSpeed\" - the speed of retrieval (queries/minute) of the peer\
\* \"Uptime\" - the number of minutes that the peer is up in minutes/day
(moving average MA30)\
\* \"LCount\" - the number of links that the peer has stored (LURL\'s)\
\* \"NCount\" - the number of links that the peer has noticed, but not
loaded (NURL\'s)\
\* \"RCount\" - the number of links that the peer provides for remote
crawls (ZURL\'s)\
\* \"ICount\" - the number of different words the peer has indexed\
\* \"SCount\" - the number of seeds that the peer has stored\
\* \"CCount\" - the number of clients that the peer connects
(connects/hour as double)\
\* \"sI\" - the number of send index/words\
\* \"rI\" - the number of received index/words\
\* \"sU\" - the number of send URLs\
\* \"rU\" - the number of received URLs\
\* \"Flags\" - a \[\[Dev:Bitfield\|Bitfield\]\]-encoded set of binary
flags, where the bits are assigns as follows: (DIRECT\_CONNECT = 0,
ACCEPT\_REMOTE\_CRAWL = 1, ACCEPT\_REMOTE\_INDEX = 2, ROOT\_NODE = 3,
SSL\_AVAILABLE = 4). A DIRECT\_CONNECT is set to all peers which the own
peer had contact with directly. ACCEPT\_REMOTE\_CRAWL and
ACCEPT\_REMOTE\_INDEX is set by the peer owner to show the corresponding
grants. ROOT\_NODE is set by contacting peer if the reporting IP of the
peer is identical with the remote HTTP request IP and the connection
speed is less that a given throughput. SSL\_AVAILABLE is set by the
owning peer if the same IP as given in the IP field (not 443!) accepts
https request.\
\* \"Tags\" - peer tags. This is a \'\|\'-separated list of words which
is used for robinson peer selection. It can be set to \'\*\' to show
that the peer is willing to respond to every search request in the
network.\
\* \"seedURL\" - if the peer runs in principal mode, then it publishes a
seedlist publication address which is given here\
\* \"news\" - a \'news\' attachment which is used to propagate
broadcasts of different kinds to all peers.\
\* \"dct\" - the disconnect time, a time-stamp for an unsuccessful
attempt to connect the peer.\
\
These attributes are stored in a Map to represent the Peer. The most
important parts are the peer hash, the IP and the port. The peer must
set only the hash and the port; the IP is assigned by the first peer
which is contacted.\
\
There is no single interface to get the attributes of a peer seed in
raw, but it is possible to retrieve a list of all seeds using the
\[\[Dev:APIseedlist\|seedlist\]\] api.

</div>
