Mitmachen • Re: Monetizing the YaCy network
===========================================

Date: 2013-12-09 05:26:29

> <div>
>
> Kozuch hat geschrieben:\
> Hi guys,\
> \
> I like this project very much. I know it brings some very innovative
> technology, but it seems to suffer the usual FOSS sicknesses like
> small community and limited growth and thus seems to be \"yet another
> FOSS project\" only. Have you been thinking about monetizing the
> network somehow? If there was a commercial incentive why to join the
> network, crawl, help the index grow and serve it to others, there
> might be some more potential around. The same way like Bitcoin is
> taking off - one can (or at least could) make money Bitcoin in various
> ways (I am not saying that the Bitcoin scheme is sustainable though).\
> \
> I can imagine setting up a commercial YaCy node (public search portal)
> that would serve adds and thus could pay for its index storage and
> bandwidth\... something in this way. Do you have any ideal on the
> commercial potencial?\
>
> </div>

\
\
Hmm, so here\'s a similar idea. Let\'s say I run a YaCy node locally to
perform searches. How about if my node keeps track of the other nodes
which served good results to me (this could be based on results which I
clicked, or via some other metrics), and periodically I can click a link
in my YaCy node which generates a Bitcoin URL which will donate a
certain amount of money (which I specify) to those nodes, split
proportionally to how many good results were served to me by each node.
This incentivises nodes to crawl/index large numbers of sites. Would
something like this be workable?

Statistik: Verfasst von
[biolizard89](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8861)
--- Mo Dez 09, 2013 5:26 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
