Pro-Users • Re: YaCy \<=\> Solr \<=\> Oracle RDBMS
==================================================

Date: 2013-01-11 14:33:21

Code: 
:   `Usage with RDBMSIn order to use this handler, the following steps are required.    Define a data-config.xml and specify the location this file in solrconfig.xml under DataImportHandler section    Give connection information (if you choose to put the datasource information in solrconfig)    Open the DataImportHandler page to verify if everything is in order http://localhost:8983/solr/dataimport    Use full-import command to do a full import from the database and add to Solr index    Use delta-import command to do a delta import (get new inserts/updates) and add to Solr index Configuring DataSourcesAdd the tag 'dataSource' directly under the 'dataConfig' tag.<dataSource type="JdbcDataSource" driver="com.mysql.jdbc.Driver" url="jdbc:mysql://localhost/dbname" user="db_username" password="db_password"/>    The datasource configuration can also be done in solr config xml #solrconfigdatasource    The attribute 'type' specifies the implementation class. It is optional. The default value is 'JdbcDataSource'    The attribute 'name' can be used if there are multiple datasources used by multiple entities    All other attributes in the <dataSource> tag are specific to the particular dataSource implementation being configured.    See here for plugging in your own Oracle ExampleYou might need to download and install the Oracle JDBC Driver in the /lib directory of your Solr installation.<dataSource name="jdbc" driver="oracle.jdbc.driver.OracleDriver" url="jdbc:oracle:thin:@//hostname:port/SID" user="db_username" password="db_password"/>`

\
\
[Quelle](http://wiki.apache.org/solr/DataImportHandler){.postlink}\
\
In meinem Fall muss dann der JDBC-Treiber ins Lib-Verzeichnis von YaCy,
oder? DataIMPORThandler ist genau das Gegenteil von dem was ich
erreichen möchte, ich will ja nicht den Inhalt einer DB indexieren,
sondern die DB als Backend für Solr nutzen.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[LA\_FORGE](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=324)
--- Fr Jan 11, 2013 2:33 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
