En:ArchInstall
==============

Date: 2013-08-15 17:33:18

Created Arch install guide

**Neue Seite**

<div>

== Arch Install Guide ==\
YaCy has a \[https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/yacy/ PKGBUILD in the
AUR\] which greatly simplifies installation. You can install this
PKGBUILD with an AUR helper or by hand.\
\
=== Installation ===\
==== Using an AUR Helper ====\
If you are using a full-featured AUR helper like
\[https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/packer/ packer\],
\[https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/yaourt/ yaourt\], or another of
that ilk, you can run \<code\>packer -S yacy\</code\> or \<code\>yaourt
-S yacy\</code\>. Adjust for your specific helper.\
==== By hand ====\
First, ensure that you have installed all the dependencies;
specifically, you need \<code\>sudo\</code\>, \<code\>libcups\</code\>,
\<code\>xorg-server\</code\>, and \<code\>java-environment\</code\>.
Install these with pacman. Once this is finished, download and extract
the PKGBUILD from the AUR. You can do this from your web browser
(\[https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/yacy/ link\]) and extract it using
your favorite GUI tool, or you can run the following command:\
\
\<code\>\$ curl https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/ya/yacy/yacy.tar.gz
\| tar -xz\</code\>\
\
Now \<code\>cd\</code\> into the folder that the tarball extracted to
(most likely called \"yacy\") and run \<code\>makepkg\</code\>. (Note:
if you forgot to install the dependecies before, you should run
\<code\>makepkg -s\</code\>.) This will build us a nice .tar.xz package
which \<code\>pacman\</code\> knows how to handle. Once
\<code\>makepkg\</code\> completes, install the package with
\<code\>pacman\</code\>:\
\
\<code\>\# pacman -U
yacy-(YourVersion)-(YourArchitecture).tar.xz\</code\>\
\
(replace YourVersion and YourArchitecture with the current version and
your chip architecture (either i686 or x86\_64). Tab completion helps a
lot here.)\
\
=== Use ===\
To actually start YaCy, you need to start its daemon with systemd:\
\
\<code\>\# systemctl start yacy.service\</code\>\
\
YaCy needs about a minute to initialize, bootstrap, and in general get
up and running. If you\'d like the YaCy daemon to run automagically at
boot, enable its service with systemd:\
\
\<code\>\# systemctl enable yacy.service\</code\>\
\
You\'re all set! Don\'t forget to open your firewall or set up port
forwarding to contribute your index to the network!

</div>
