Dev:APIidx
==========

Date: 2013-12-27 03:24:19

added new description

**Neue Seite**

<div>

== Generic Index Export ==\
This servlet shall be able to export any kind of indexed data. While
that target is designed to be generic it is only defined to export a
host index. A host index is a web structure description which explains
the link structure between hosts. For each host there is a list of other
hosts which link to that given host.\
\
=== Operations performed when the servlet is called ===\
There is a in-memory stored host index which is used to create the
network graphic. That link structure is transformed to an outside format
and returned.\
\
=== Servlet Address ===\
The servlet path is \<code\>/yacy/idx.json\</code\>.\
The full URL is
\<code\>\<nowiki\>http://\<peer-IP\>:\<peer-port\>\<servlet-path\>\</nowiki\>\</code\>.\
\
=== Properties in the http header ===\
The caller must obey the \[\[Dev:APIHttpHeader\|http header rules\]\].\
\
=== Properties in the http post-arguments ===\
Calls to the servlet can be made using a GET or POST operation. The
properties are:\
\* \<code\>object=\'host\'\</code\> this is the default post property
and the only possible value (at this time). The \'host\' property means,
that a host index shall be exported\
\
=== Result ===\
The returned document is a json data structure. This is an example:\
{\
\"version\":\"0.1\",\
\"uptime\":\"0\",\
\"name\":\"host\",\
\"rowdef\":\"String h-6 {b256}, Cardinal m-4 {b256}, Cardinal c-4
{b256}\",\
\"idx\":{\
\"AA8RoY\":\[{\"h\":\"wXNDeR\",\"m\":\"16058\",\"c\":\"1\"},{\"h\":\"9BXL1S\",\"m\":\"16058\",\"c\":\"256\"}\],\
\"AfGlY4\":\[{\"h\":\"BGIES4\",\"m\":\"16058\",\"c\":\"7911\"},{\"h\":\"MsCqV4\",\"m\":\"16058\",\"c\":\"1\"},{\"h\":\"nmqUsZ\",\"m\":\"16058\",\"c\":\"1\"}\]\
}\
}\
The \'idx\' set contains references denoted by host hashes for each
host, also denoted by hash. The host hash is the tail-part of an
url-hash, consisting of six characters\
\
=== Example Usage ===\
http://localhost:8090/yacy/idx.json?object=host

</div>
