Dev:PeerType
============

Date: 2013-11-29 00:33:32

described peer types

**Neue Seite**

<div>

== Peer Types ==\
\
A peer can have different types which characterizes the operation
capabilities within a YaCy Peer-to-Peer network\
\
=== virgin ===\
A \'\'virgin\'\' peer has never reached another peer and got never a
peer ping from another peer. Therefore a virgin peer is not connected to
another peer and is also not visible to other peers. This can be a
status by purpose or a network failure, according to the wanted network
configuration.\
\
=== junior ===\
A \'\'junior\'\' peer successfully contacted another peer in the
network, but other peers are not able to contact that junior peer. This
may be caused (mostly) by a missing \'server port\' configuration on the
router that is in front of the computer that runs the junior peer. The
junior status is discovered during the \[\[Dev:APIhello\|peer-ping
process\]\] when the ping\'ed peer tries to back-ping the ping-ing peer
without success. Then the ping\'ed peer assignes the ping-ing peer the
junior status.\
\
=== mentee ===\
A \'\'mentee\'\' peer is a junior peer which has found a \'\'mentor\'\'
peer that forwards server requests as reverse proxy to the mentee. This
solves the problem that most users don\'t know how to configure their
router to get a server port.\
\
=== senior ===\
A \'\'senior\'\' peer is able to receive and respond to requests from
other peers. A senior peer therefore is running a public http server and
is able to support other junior peers to become mentees which would
transform the senior into a mentor.\
\
=== mentor ===\
A \'\'mentor\'\' peer is a senior peer which works as reverse proxy for
junior peers, thus turing a junior into a mentee and itself into a
mentor peer. The reverse proxy functionality is performed using the
\'Host\' attribute within the http header using a
\[\[Dev:HexHash\|HexHash\]\] of the mentee peer as a host name together
with the virtual TLD \'yacyh\'.\
\
=== principal ===\
A \'\'principal\'\' peer is a senior peer which publishes the
\[\[Dev:APIseedlist\|seedlist\]\] of all peers to a public location
which can be retrieved by http. A list of such seedlist locations is
attached to YaCy releases to enable a decentralized bootstraping of the
network.

</div>
