Fragen und Antworten • Where\'s the English section?
====================================================

Date: 2013-12-15 07:03:34

Sorry, I might be misunderstanding things here but apparently this is
the \"English and German Forums for YaCy\", but almost all of it is in
German (I assume). I don\'t speak German so I can\'t even read the forum
headings to work out which section of this forum to post this question
in.\
\
If this is supposed to be an English AND German forum, how come none of
the section names and descriptions are also in English? I tried to find
some sort of toggle but can\'t locate one.\
\
Is there some way to filter out English or German posts so that the
forum is more readable? Unfortunately, for people that only speak one
language, it makes any attempt at using this forum essentially unusable.
I don\'t mind that most of the posts are in German (which may in itself
reflect the underlying problem if non-German people are dissuaded from
using this forum), but to gain broader acceptance and usability, there
needs to be some way for non-German people to use this forum - or, at
least, be able to read the forum section names!\
\
I saw that there is/was another forum/bbs for english language but its
clearly not active. I\'ve been involved in many communities that are
located in Germany or have a majority of German users, but they have
separated their forums into language-specific areas. Examples include
Media Portal and Meedio but I\'ve seen this forum/bbs software used on
many sites and all of them keep the languages separate.\
\
I think the main developer leads of YaCy need to understand that broad
acceptance and widespread use of this search engine requires accepting
that forums need to facilitate and encourage global use, and the
interfaces to the engine, forums, and apps need to be user-centric. I
think YaCy is very much still in the control of extreme technical people
that fail to understand this and will likely continue to ignore this as
a priority. YaCY simple cannot and will not succeed without strong
guidance from non-technical people that have an understanding of
marketing, presentation, user interfaces, usability, and ease of use.\
\
You will be able to tell which sort of person you are by how strongly
you disagree with me. Unfortunately in my 30+ years experience with
technical people, there have been almost zero individuals that have been
able to bridge this divide.\
\
I\'ll look up YaCy in a year or two to see if anything has changed, but
mark my words, if the leadership behind this forum and this search
system do not introduce marketing/management/usability experts that have
equal say in direction, YaCy will remain a marginal product that will
never take off. How do I know this? I\'ll put up my 30 years of
technical development, infrastructure, and product management against
any tech-centric person any day.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[dir](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9177)
--- So Dez 15, 2013 7:03 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
