Dev:APImessage
==============

Date: 2013-12-27 03:49:01

message sending api description

**Neue Seite**

<div>

== Message Transmission ==\
YaCy peer owner may send text messages to other peers. This servlet is
used to send such messages.\
\
=== Operations performed when the servlet is called ===\
The index transmission process is a two-step process. In the first step
the sending peer asks for a permission to send a message, the requested
peer then tells the requesting peer if this is wanted and how large the
message may be and in the second step the sending peer transmits the
message through the same servlet.\
\
=== Servlet Address ===\
The servlet path is \<code\>/yacy/message.html\</code\>.\
The full URL is
\<code\>\<nowiki\>http://\<peer-IP\>:\<peer-port\>\<servlet-path\>\</nowiki\>\</code\>.\
\
=== Properties in the http header ===\
The caller must obey the \[\[Dev:APIHttpHeader\|http header rules\]\].\
\
=== Properties in the http post-arguments ===\
Calls to the servlet can be made using a GET or POST operation. The
properties are:\
\* \<code\>process=\'permission\'\|post\</code\> either the peer asks
for permission or it sends the message. If the peer asks for permission,
no other properties shall be given.\
\* \<code\>myseed=\<the \[\[Dev:SimpleCoding\|SimpleCoding\]\] of the
own \[\[Dev:Seed\|Peer Seed\]\]\>\</code\> the sending peer MUST attach
its own seed info to prove that the message is actually send from a YaCy
peer and to enable the receiving peer to show who send that message\
\* \<code\>subject=\<subject\>\</code\> the message subject line in
\[\[Dev:SimpleCoding\|SimpleCoding\]\]\
\* \<code\>message=\<message\>\</code\> the fulltext of the message in
\[\[Dev:SimpleCoding\|SimpleCoding\]\]\
\
=== Result ===\
The returned document contains a list of property lines. These
properties are:\
\* \<code\>version=\<version info\>\</code\>\
\* \<code\>uptime=\<uptime of the peer\>\</code\>\
\* \<code\>messagesize=\<the acceptable message size in
bytes\>\</code\>\
\* \<code\>attachmentsize=\<the acceptable attachment size in
bytes\>\</code\>\
\* \<code\>response=\<a response message\>\</code\> The response message
is a plain text, not a response code.\
\
=== Example Usage ===\
The first step is the retrieval of a permission, which can be done with\
http://localhost:8090/yacy/message.html?process=permission\
The second step is the transmission of the message. This is not easily
done \'by hand\', because it requires to create a seed info for a seed
that is already known by the receiving peer. It could look like\
http://localhost:8090/yacy/message.html?process=post&myseed=p\|{Hash=sCJ6Tq8T0N9x,Port=8090,PeerType=junior}&subject=p\|Test&message=p\|HelloWorld\
but you must compute the seed yourself.

</div>
