IRC
===

Date: 2013-08-27 15:27:45

Die Seite wurde neu angelegt: „== Howto: Setup an IRC-Client to connect
to The YaCy Chatroom == Preface: The original Yacy Chatroom exists since
2006. Internet Relay Chat (IRC) counts to th..."

**Neue Seite**

<div>

== Howto: Setup an IRC-Client to connect to The YaCy Chatroom ==\
\
Preface: The original Yacy Chatroom exists since 2006. Internet Relay
Chat (IRC) counts to the oldest services on the net at all. It is
predestinated to discuss technical related topics but many other people
around the globe use it to discuss about several other topics such as
hobbies, sports, art, history, movies, books, culture and to make new
friends.\
\
=== The Mac-Method ===\
\
Navigate to http://sourceforge.net/projects/xchataqua/ and download
XChat Aqua. Mount the dmg File as usual and copy the whole Folder of
XChat to your Application Directory. Afterwards start the XChat Aqua
Binary inside this Folder.\
\
\[\[Datei:yacyirc\_mac1.jpg\]\]\
\
A window titled \'server list\' pops up. Enter your own Nickname and a
second Nickname here. You don\'t need to provide a real name and/or
username here. Enter \'freenode\' in the searchfield. Select
\'freenode\' in the list and press the \'Show details\' button.\
\
\[\[Datei:yacyirc\_mac2.jpg\]\]\
\
Change over to \'Connect Options\' and check the box beside \'Auto
connect to this network at launch\'.\
\
\[\[Datei:yacyirc\_mac3.jpg\]\]\
\
Change over to \'On Join\' and press the + Button at \'Join Channels\'.
Insert \#yacy here and press return.\
\
\[\[Datei:yacyirc\_mac4.jpg\]\]\
\
When you\'ve done all these settings please press the \'Connect\' Button
on the Window \'Server List\'. You are now connected - Welcome in our
Chatroom :-)\
\
=== The Windows-Method ===\
\
Download the well-known Windows-Client named mIRC here:\
http://www.mirc.co.uk/get.html\
\
After the installation, start the program. An Option Window pops up.\
\
\[\[Datei:yacyirc1.jpg\]\]\
\
Fill in your desired Nickname and an alternative one. You don\'t need to
provide a real name and/or username here. Now switch to the Settings Tab
named \'Servers\'.\
\
\[\[Datei:yacyirc2.jpg\]\]\
\
Select here \'Freenode\' and \'Random Server\'. Now switch back to the
Settings Tab named \'Connect\' and press the \'Connect\' button there.\
\
\[\[Datei:yacyirc3.jpg\]\]\
\
A window with favorite channels pops up. Fill in \#yacy here. Finally
check the box \'Enable join on connect\' and press the \'Join\'-Button.\
\
\[\[Datei:yacyirc4.jpg\]\]\
\
You are now connected - Welcome in our Chatroom :-)

</div>
