Fragen und Antworten • Re: Yacy Performance steigern
====================================================

Date: 2013-11-26 15:35:45

> <div>
>
> netsearch hat geschrieben:\
>
> > <div>
> >
> > smokingwheels hat geschrieben:Nun, mein P4 läuft gut. keine Eier in
> > einen Korb.\
> > Dont viel Speicher zuweisen versuchen DEFAULT Setting Erste und
> > Build Data Base mehr PEERS ist, was gebraucht wird. Überqueren
> > install Java. Löschen Java.exe Mit Symbol.\
> > I how Google Translate..\
> >
> > </div>
>
> \
> \
> Can you pls post that in english? unfortunately the machine
> translation is not understandable\....
>
> </div>

\
\
Ok from memory after YaCa crash in windows P4.\
\
Unless SSD Drives in YaCa server, Do not increase Java memory so large
to improve performance.\
Note: If have Normal hdd look at a reformat/partition with 512 byte
sectors because most of YaCy disk activity is 1024 bytes. eg Normal
Format is 4096 bytes per sector.\
\
I have found that Java.exe with Icon is loading to perform an update, I
deleted Java.exe with Icon Under a search window. YaCy not affected and
no automatic update ICON Gone.\
\
The CPU Speed is not the problem its the Hard disk access time.
Typically an old P4 server with SCSI Disks can have approx 4 times less
Latency time for the data than with a SATA disk drive So try to build
your search index first, BACKUP then play with memory setting on JAVA.\
\
Happy to be proven wrong.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[smokingwheels](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8994)
--- Di Nov 26, 2013 3:35 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
