Wie Nigeria Familienplanung in der Bevölkerung installiert, \...
================================================================

Date: 2013-01-05 04:17:43

[Wie Nigeria Familienplanung in der Bevölkerung installiert, indem sie
ihnen Soap Operas
zeigen](http://www.peakprosperity.com/podcast/80326/bill-ryerson). Unten
gibt es ein Transkript, da muss man \"read more\" klicken. Ich muss da
mal großflächig zitieren, weil das enorme Implikationen hat.

> Bill Ryerson: Well, you brought up Population Media Center. One of the
> things that we do -- and that is the primary thing we do -- is to use
> a strategy of communications that has turned out, from everything we
> have been able to measure, to be the **most cost-effective strategy
> for changing behavior** with regard to family size and contraceptive
> use on a per-behavior change basis **of any strategy we have found on
> the planet**. And this is the **use of long-running serialized dramas,
> melodramas like soap operas**, in which characters gradually evolve
> from the middle of the road in that society into positive role models
> for daughter education, delaying marriage and childbearing until
> adulthood, spacing of children, limiting of family size, and various
> other health and social goals of each country. And we have now done
> such programs in forty-five countries. And I can give you a couple of
> statistics.
>
> For example, in northern Nigeria, a program we ran from 2007 to 2009
> was listened to by 70% of the population at least weekly. It was a
> twice a week program. It was clearly a smash hit. And it was a smash
> hit because it was highly suspenseful and highly entertaining. But it
> had a storyline dealing with a couple deciding to use family planning,
> which is almost taboo in northern Nigeria because less than 10% of the
> people in that region use any modern method of contraception. **We had
> eleven clinics have healthcare workers ask clients what had motivated
> them to come in for family planning, and 67% percent of them named the
> program as the motivation**.

So und jetzt denkt euch mal Nigeria und Familienplanung weg und Europa
und andere Botschaften des Staates oder der Eigentümer der
Medienkonzerne hin (\*hust\* Bertelsmann-Stiftung \*hust\*).

Man redet sich ja bei Werbung auch immer ein, dass das nur bei anderen
wirkt. Ich kauf doch nicht Produkt XY, weil ich das im Fernsehen gesehen
habe! Aber wie sich immer wieder rausstellt: doch, genau das tun wir
alle. Product Placement ist ein Milliardenmarkt. Wenn das Fernsehen
Amokläufer zeigt, gibt es sofort mehr Amokläufe.
