Dev:Solr
========

Date: 2013-11-14 02:49:40

[Deploy Solr in Tomcat: ]{.autocomment}

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 14. November 2013, 01:49 Uhr

Zeile 38:

Zeile 38:

 

 

 

<div>

== Deploy Solr in Tomcat ==

</div>

 

<div>

== Deploy Solr in Tomcat ==

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[First you must download and decompress tomcat 6. In this example you
install tomcat to your home directory at \~/tomcat/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[wget http
://archive.apache.org/dist/tomcat/tomcat-6/v6.0.37/bin/apache-tomcat-6.0.37.tar.gz]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[tar xfz apache-tomcat-6.0.37.tar.gz]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mv apache-tomcat-6.0.37 tomcat]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Now you have a tomcat which you can start with]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cd \~/tomcat/bin/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[./startup.sh]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[After this, tomcat is running at port 8080. You can open the example
page at http ://localhost:8080]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[To deploy a solr container, download a solr package and copy the
relevant files to the correct tomcat subdirectory:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cd \~]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[wget http
://www.eu.apache.org/dist/lucene/solr/4.5.1/solr-4.5.1.tgz]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[tar xfz solr-4.5.1.tgz]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp solr-4.5.1/dist/solr-4.5.1.war .]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp -R solr-4.5.1/example/solr yacy\_index]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Now create a Tomcat Context fragment. You need the absolute path to the
tomcat installation directory which we consider as
/home/administrator/tomcat in this example. Now create a file in
/home/administrator/tomcat/conf/Catalina/localhost/solr4yacy.xml with
the following content:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\<?xml version=\"1.0\" encoding=\"utf-8\"?\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\<Context docBase=\"/home/administrator/tomcat/solr-4.5.1.war\"
debug=\"0\" crossContext=\"true\"\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  \<Environment name=\"solr/home\" type=\"java.lang.String\"
value=\"/home/administrator/tomcat/yacy\_index\"
override=\"true\"/\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\</Context\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Almost finished, you also must copythe solr logging libraries to the
tomcat library folder because Solr uses a different logging in jetty as
implemented in solr. In the \~/tomcat directory, do]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp solr-4.5.1/example/lib/ext/\* lib/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[followed by a restart of tomcat. You have now access to the solr
servlet at http ://localhost:8080/solr4yacy/\#/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[To get access to the tomcat manager, write the new role \"manager\" to
the file conf/tomcat-users.xml and set a password, i.e.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\<?xml version=\'1.0\' encoding=\'utf-8\'?\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\<tomcat-users\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  \<role rolename=\"manager\"/\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[  \<user username=\"admin\" password=\"tomcat\"
roles=\"manager\"/\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\</tomcat-users\>]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Then you can open http ://localhost:8080/manager/html and manage solr
applications there. You need a tomcat re-start to get new users
active.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[At this point we have a running solr inside of tomcat, but the solr is
not configured for YaCy. We still need to copy the YaCy schema and the
second core definition. Consider that at \~/yacy you have installed a
YaCy peer, then you can simply copy the generic schema file for
collection1 to solr:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp \~/yacy/defaults/solr/schema.xml
\~/tomcat/yacyindex/collection1/conf/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[and the solr.xml definition for two cores:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp \~/yacy/defaults/solr/solr.xml \~/tomcat/yacyindex/]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[But we need still two solr cores which we create by cloning the
collection1:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[mkdir \~/tomcat/yacyindex/webgraph]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[cp -R \~/tomcat/yacyindex/collection1/conf
\~/tomcat/yacyindex/webgraph/conf]{.underline}

</div>

 

 

 

<div>

= Use the deep-embedded Solr in YaCy and an external Solr concurrently =

</div>

 

<div>

= Use the deep-embedded Solr in YaCy and an external Solr concurrently =

</div>
