Mitmachen • Re: Raspberry Pi
============================

Date: 2014-01-12 01:53:42

Here is the base image link:
<http://q5sys.info/yacy/yacypi-base.4gb.img.xz>\
ssh password: [woofwoof]{style="font-style: italic"}\
Simply unxz it to a directory and then use dd to burn it to an SD card.
I used the default dd block size. After you\'re done make sure you run
\'sync\'.\
If you find you need something installed that is not, find the package
link on your computer with the debian armel repo. ssh into the RPi and
wget the package address. Then use \"[dpkg-deb -x packagename.deb
/]{style="font-style: italic"}\" to install the package, you can then
delete the package.\
\
I dont think disk IO is the biggest issue. You can technially run YaCy
completely off a USB device attached to the Pi. So if we find that
writing to a SD card is to slow to properly work with YaCy, we can
simply offload the YaCy install to /dev/sda. Of course if we are doing
that, we can go even further and load the entire OS off a USB. This also
completely renders the issue of SD card size as irrelevant.\
It\'s actually quite simple. Once you burn your SD card with the above
image, burn it again to a USB device. (size doesnt matter). Open the USB
drive in gparted and expand the 2nd partition to fill the drive. Since
we are using a USB with higher IO we can also add a Swap partition as
well.\
Once the SD card image is burned to the USB stick and its properly
expanded with gparted, go back to your SD card, and edit the cmdline.txt
so that \"[root=/dev/mmcblk0p2]{style="font-style: italic"}\" now reads
\"[root=/dev/sda2]{style="font-style: italic"}\". Plug both into your
RPi and reboot. The system will read the boot info off the SD card and
then load the root FS off the usb drive.\
So SD card IO limits should be able to be side stepped if we run into a
problem with them.\
\
That is not however where I feel the problem is.\
Here are four screen caps of a sample test of a single search:\
System before the search @ 21:07:23 :
<http://q5sys.info/yacy/11jan14-pre.png>\
System during the search while the page is rendering @ 21:07:55 :
<http://q5sys.info/yacy/11jan15-during.png>\
System after the results page has finished rendering @ 21:08:08 :
<http://q5sys.info/yacy/11jan16-during2.png>\
System after CPU has dropped back down @ 21:10:20 :
<http://q5sys.info/yacy/11jan16-post.png>\
\
The search itself didnt take very long, in total around 20\~30 seconds.
However there was a large window of time after the system had presented
the results till the system went back to idle status.\
If we look at the load levels, we can see that the RPi is loading up
initially and that\'s bogging down the system.\
Load averages are at - 1min, 5min, 15min.\
During search @ 21:07:55 - 2.39, 0.70, 0.34\
After search @ 21:08:08 - 6.33, 1.70, 0.68\
\
So the biggest performance hit is coming after the search has completed.
Also if you look at the memory ranges, its not due to low RAM. And
mpstat would suggest it\'s not due to the system waiting for data IO.
Whatever YaCy is doing in the background after a search has been
completed is whats causing the performance to be low overall.\
Not knowing exactly what YaCy is doing at this point, I guessing this is
where we need to focus on improving performance. It may require us to
lower certain levels from where they are currently at, specifically (and
only) for use on a RPi. I myself never browse beyond the first three
pages of results when I\'m searching the internet. If I cant find what
I\'m looking for in those pages, I go back and refine my search.\
How would everyone feel about lowering the number of results down from
300 to say 60 or 100? I am suggesting this
[only]{style="font-weight: bold"} for using YaCy on a RPi.\
\
fherb,\
You are not getting you\'re RPi to run for more than a few hours? In
those photos above you can see mine have been running for almost 4 days
without issue. Sometimes if I try to search too often they will go
unresponsive, but if I just let them sit, they will eventually work
through the processes and then be ready to search again. I prefer htop
for overall system performance monitoring, but top is better for
diagnosing because of the multiple load averages it gives. It gives you
a better idea of what\'s going on overall.\
\
All,\
This week I will try to test multiple Java implementations to see which
preforms the best on the RPi base image.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[q5sys](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9339)
--- So Jan 12, 2014 1:53 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
