Mitmachen • Re: Raspberry Pi
============================

Date: 2014-02-13 00:07:26

Hi all!\
\
[[A short state
info:]{style="font-weight: bold"}]{style="text-decoration: underline"}\
\
(These days I have not really time for YaCy. I have some free days with
my children next week. Maybe they let me a bit time each evening.)\
\
- My aim is to have a small [test
environment]{style="font-weight: bold"}: The [hardware is
completely]{style="font-weight: bold"}: Router, 2 RasPis, CubieTruck,
Cables, SD-cards, a SATA-HDD, a USB-HDD, a USB-Stick, an older, but fast
Laptop as web page server and my fast workstation also as web server and
diagnostic system for the YaCys on ARM.\
\
- [Log-Information transfer]{style="font-weight: bold"} from YaCy on any
device to this diagnostic system is [tested and
working]{style="font-weight: bold"}. I have a small program what opens
an UDP port for YaCy and netcat is sending the log data from Yacy to
this port (debug-mode). This software can receive and sort the UDP-data
from different devices.\
\
- Additional, this program will get another port to [receive system
information]{style="font-weight: bold"} via top -\> grep -\> netcat or
similar possibilities. Maybe I write a short program what [collects
system information and transfers it to the diagnostic system. (This is
not yet ready.)]{style="font-weight: bold"}\
\
- What the [diagnostic system]{style="font-weight: bold"} currently can
is, to store all these data coming by UDP into files for each source
device. It\'s a line oriented logging and in front of each line is
written the source of information (yacy, top, \...) and a time stamp of
the diagnostic system because not each log line from YaCy has a time
stamp. So I get a [logfile what can combine YaCy-log-information with
performance- and state-information]{style="font-weight: bold"} by using
the same time stamp for all these information. So i hope to get a
reproduce-able tracking of the full system and not only YaCy-own debug
information.\
\
- [In the moment]{style="font-weight: bold"} I write a special [parsing
routine for the log lines]{style="font-weight: bold"}. This will be
controlled by a user-depending configuration pars-table. So, the
regex\'es will be configurable each time without to change the parser
program. The parser should deliver two things: [Event
information]{style="font-weight: bold"} for special log lines and [data
values]{style="font-weight: bold"} which are in these lines. Like xxx in
\"receive xxx URLs from\". My aim is to get statistic information about
events ( for example java-exceptions) and for the progress and data
transfer of YaCy like URL or DHT transfer.\
The parser will be working on-line during UDP-receive and as a
post-processing process by using the special log file of the diagnostic
system.\
\
[[To
do:]{style="font-weight: bold"}]{style="text-decoration: underline"}\
\
- I have to [complete and test the parser]{style="font-weight: bold"}.\
- I have to write an [analysis tool]{style="font-weight: bold"} to can
visualize the parsing information.\
- I have to write [scripts]{style="font-weight: bold"} to deliver system
state information of the ARM boards during YaCy is running. Either as
sh-scripts or Perl-Scripts. I would prefer Perl because I know it and
Python would be new for me.\
- [Testing]{style="font-weight: bold"} all theses components with the
boards.\
\
This is really some work to do but, I think that we can get so more
plausible information what YaCy does.\
\
On the diagnostic system I use LabVIEW as programming system. It is a
system where I can come from quick-and-dirty trials to a stable program
with GUI in a very short time (the same meaning like \"with minimal
effort\"). When the tools are working good, so it is possible to
distribute these tools as a distribution for other people, if you like.
(Working on Win, Mac and special Linux distributions)\
\
This the state for today,\
and best regards,\
Frank

Statistik: Verfasst von
[fherb](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9031)
--- Do Feb 13, 2014 12:07 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
