non-English and non-German • we can not support non-english and non-german forums
=================================================================================

Date: 2014-01-22 11:56:10

This forum is locked. You cannot discuss in non-english and non-german
language. There is a simple reason for that:\

-   The forum owner must moderate the content. A moderator must
    understand the content of the postings. Without an understanding of
    the language, we cannot react in case of spam, illegal content or
    bad habit.
-   For each language, we need a moderator. We had been asked to host
    french and spanish discussion forums, but we do not have a moderator
    for that.
-   A trustworthy moderator would need to commit fully to the task
    her/himself. In case that a moderator stops working, we would need
    to close the corresponding forum.
-   Because the forum owner cannot speak other languages than english or
    german, he cannot even recognize weather or not a non/english &
    non-german - moderator is doing her/his work well.

\
That means, we cannot host non-english/non-german forums here. But there
is a solution for the problem:\
\
[[[You can become a non-english/non-german YaCy forum owner! Start your
own
forum!]{style="color: #FF8000"}]{style="font-weight: bold"}]{style="font-size: 150%; line-height: 116%;"}\
\
If you run your own forum, then we will put a prominent link here in
this section and on the <http://yacy.net> home page!

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Orbiter](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=2)
--- Mi Jan 22, 2014 11:56 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
