English • Improving ranking using neural networks and genetic algos
===================================================================

Date: 2014-02-22 10:57:55

Hi, I have a proposal for improving YaCy search ranking. I\'m taking a
course on neural networks and genetic algorithms, and I\'m planning to
use YaCy ranking as my project for the course. Below is a slightly
modified version of my proposal from the course; feedback would be
greatly appreciated.\
\
\-\--\
\
CS 5970 Artificial Neural Networks and Evolution -- Instructor: Dr. Dean
Hougen\
Project Proposal by Jeremy Rand\
\
I am interested in improving relevance of peer-to-peer web search
engines using computational intelligence. Centralized search engines
such as Google, Bing, and DuckDuckGo require the user to trust the
search engine not to maliciously modify search results or log queries.
As has been shown by enormous documentation, Google and Bing are
definitely tampering with search results and logging queries, and
DuckDuckGo has no way to prove that it is not doing so. An alternative
search engine methodology has been proposed by the YaCy project, which
uses a peer-to-peer distributed hash table to store a search index, with
results being determined collectively by the network. YaCy has major
civil liberties advantages, in that it is not possible to censor
results, and logging queries is difficult. Unfortunately, YaCy\'s search
ranking performs poorly compared to Google, Bing, and DuckDuckGo. I am
interested in using computational intelligence to improve YaCy\'s
ranking algorithms, hopefully making YaCy more competitive with Google,
Bing, and DuckDuckGo. I am undecided whether to use neural networks,
evolution, or both -- this will be decided after additional material has
been covered in class.\
\
A decentralized collaborative search engine ranking system has a few
potentially conflicting requirements:\
1. Users should benefit from other users\' experience.\
2. Information about a user\'s search history should not leak to any
other users.\
3. Users should not be able to unethically influence the ranking to
induce spam or censorship.\
\
Requirements 1 and 2 can be fulfilled by simply having all users submit
and retrieve data via Tor. However, this method is highly vulnerable to
Sybil attacks. Introducing cryptographic proof of work would partially
counter Sybil attacks while preserving anonymity, but would also
significantly raise the cost of legitimate usage, and presumably a
spammer has more resources than a legitimate user (spammers have botnet
time at their disposal), so proof of work would probably still have a
significant spam problem. Another rate-limiting method is based on IP
addresses, but this eliminates anonymity, and botnets still have vastly
more IP addresses available than legitimate users.\
\
I think I have a reasonable compromise. Users are connected via a
friend-to-friend network such as RetroShare. Users will be given the
ability to upvote or downvote results for searches; this data will be
saved locally but not shared (to protect privacy). Users also begin with
a set of randomly generated search algorithms (in the form of neural
network weights or evolutionary genotypes). The search algorithms will
take as input some information about the search (e.g. the search tokens,
although the exact set of input information is yet to be determined),
and output a set of SOLR ranking parameters which can be fed to YaCy via
its API. Periodically, each user sends some of its algorithms to all of
its friends for evaluation. Those friends send the same algorithm
unmodified to their friends for evaluation. This recursively continues
until all connected users have received the algorithm; a user who
receives the same algorithm a second time will drop the connection to
avoid a loop. Each user who has received the algorithm then computes an
evaluation based on its local search ranking upvote/downvote history,
and returns a linear combination of its own evaluation and all of its
friends\' evaluations. The evaluation would consist of weight
adjustments for a neural network, or a fitness value for an evolutionary
genotype. Each user who received a copy of the search algorithm will
save a copy for future reference, and the user who originated the
algorithm will be able to apply the evaluation data to improve the
algorithm. Over time, the algorithms will improve based on evaluation
data.\
\
The advantage of the linear combination system is that no user can
reliably determine whether the evaluation received from a friend is
primarily influenced by that friend, by that friend\'s friends, or by
the friends of that friends\' friends, etc. A fitness value and a weight
adjustment, particularly in aggregate form, provide plenty of
information to refine the search algorithms, but are unlikely to reveal
any useful information about individual searches. The linear combination
algorithm causes first-degree friends to have more influence on each
other\'s ranking than second-degree friends, who have more influence
than third-degree friends, etc. This makes spam and censorship
difficult, because attackers will only have a large effect on their
friends (and can be unfriended at any time). Sybil attacks are
unfeasible on friend-to-friend networks, since all users know the
identity of their friends.\
\
Project Scope: This is a large and complex problem, and it is unlikely
that a full treatment will be possible given the confines of this class.
As necessary, components of the project may be cut or deferred so that
something presentable is likely to exist at the end of the semester.
ANNE-related coding and experimentation will have priority over the
friend-to-friend infrastructure. The possibility exists of continuing
the project after the semester is over, potentially for independent
study credit (I would very much like to do so, assuming that the project
is making progress).\
\
References:\
YaCy: <http://yacy.net/en/index.html>\
RetroShare: <http://retroshare.sourceforge.net/>

Statistik: Verfasst von
[biolizard89](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8861)
--- Sa Feb 22, 2014 10:57 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
