Neue Folge von \"Opa erzählt ausm Kriech\", heute Luke \...
===========================================================

Date: 2014-02-25 13:20:34

Neue Folge von \"Opa erzählt ausm Kriech\", heute [Luke Harding vom
Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/books/2014/feb/20/edward-snowden-files-nsa-gchq-luke-harding)
mit Highlights wie:

> \[Cabinet Secretary\] Heywood demanded the return of Snowden\'s files.
> And, in passing, suggested the newspaper was now itself under secret
> observation. \"I wonder where our guys are?\" he said, gesturing
> vaguely to the flats opposite.

und

> Within hours of publication of the first one -- which revealed that
> the NSA was mass-scooping data from the US telecoms company Verizon --
> diggers arrived outside the Guardian\'s loft office in Broadway. It
> was a Wednesday evening. They dug up the pavement and replaced it. The
> same thing happened outside the Guardian\'s Washington bureau, four
> blocks from the White House, and the Brooklyn home of US
> editor-in-chief Janine Gibson. Coincidence? Perhaps.

und

> I had been leaving my own laptop in the safe of my hotel room each
> day; returning from meeting Greenwald I found the safe would no longer
> lock.

und, die schönste Stelle:

> I was writing a chapter on the NSA\'s close, and largely hidden,
> relationship with Silicon Valley. I wrote that Snowden\'s revelations
> had damaged US tech companies and their bottom line. Something odd
> happened. The paragraph I had just written began to self-delete. The
> cursor moved rapidly from the left, gobbling text. I watched my words
> vanish. When I tried to close my OpenOffice file the keyboard began
> flashing and bleeping.
