English • Re: Browser preferred language in Yacy search
=======================================================

Date: 2014-05-31 09:21:00

> <div>
>
> sto hat geschrieben:\
> Hello all forum users,\
> I am quite new in the field of Yacy but I am definitely supporting it.
> I have been running a senior node 24/7 for a few weeks now
> (dome\_cirrus) and I could crawl a few million pages of French +
> English wikipedia and various newspapers.\
> \
> The most frustrating thing for me is the language management in the
> search. When I look for, let\'s say, Obama, I will have the wikipedia
> results in many languages, which is absurd. I want the results in the
> languages I can read (namely French, English and a bit of German).\
> The solution would be to add /language/XX at the end of the search
> request. But I don\'t want to do it. It is not user friendly at all.\
> \
> [[Easy]{style="font-style: italic"} solution suggested to
> developers:]{style="font-weight: bold"} get the browser preferred
> language, as DuckDuckGo does, to present the results in that language
> (user\'s language, let\'s say German), then in English (universal
> language), then in French/Russian/Spanish/\... (other languages than
> browser\'s preferred that the general user will generally not
> understand)\
> \
> Is it feasible?\
> \
> This idea leads to a concept of language sub-networks. When someone
> makes a search in French, it would be good to ask French peers first
> if they have results for the query. It may not apply with English, of
> course, as everybody indexes some English pages.\
> I have no idea if such a tuning of the DHT system is feasible.\
> \
> Thank you for reading. Please reply if you have better solutions. I
> would be glad to have some feedback on these points.\
> \
> PS: I copy-pasted my original message from
> <http://www.yacy-forum.org/> as there does not seem to be much
> activity there.\
>
> </div>

\
\
Personally I wouldn\'t want the HTTP header to determine what results I
get. I think it would be reasonable for YaCy to support a set of
configurable \"default languages\" so that if I choose French and
English as my default languages, YaCy should automatically include those
constraints on searches unless I choose otherwise for that specific
search. It would also be fine with me if YaCy detected my HTTP header
languages the first time I used it, and asked me if I wanted to use
those as the default languages for future searches.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[biolizard89](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8861)
--- Sa Mai 31, 2014 8:21 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
