\"Stopped vampires from pinning their crimes on babies and children.\"
======================================================================

Date: 2014-11-26 03:49:49

[\@TheStrangeLog:](https://twitter.com/TheStrangeLog)

> -   Tagged Mystery Meat as candy.
> -   The Apothecary\'s jaw is no longer detached from his face.
> -   You can now skin humans
> -   colonists no longer walk really, really far to butcher things
> -   Stopped zombies from interrupting your sleep to ask if they can
>     help you with something
> -   Enchiladas have been completely retooled to be more user friendly
>     and faster to prepare
> -   stopped vampires from pinning their crimes on babies and children
> -   Turkeys no longer bounce when they contact water
> -   All byzantine emperors will now have clothes regardless of what
>     DLCs are enabled.
> -   eldritch transformation cannot be interrupted
> -   Lowered McFly\'s float rate and fixed references to missing
>     Heather.
> -   Players can no longer suicide when in a Bumper Car
> -   Farmer\'s mouths no longer stretch.
> -   issue with Ghosts possessing Grills, that would cause them to open
>     the grill, examine the contents, close the grill, and then jump in
> -   Wearing Speedos with certain coats no longer causes legs to
>     disappear.
> -   Spitter\'s \"Acid Spray\" now originates from the mouth.
> -   You can no longer eat your own belt by right-clicking it.
> -   Corpses and graves can no longer be used as storage
> -   Provost should no longer hate you in California if he hated you in
>     Arizona.
> -   Fixed an issue which could cause filth stacks to be applied to
>     players who are no longer standing in filth.
> -   Killbots bleed.
> -   Extra Feet now makes you walk normal on all surfaces.
> -   Critically failing Animal Whisperer on Satan works now.
> -   Jimmy the Chisel once again has a jaw.
> -   Turtles can now be killed by repeatedly hitting shell (although
>     hitting them in head is much quicker)
> -   Danzig now exists as a core from the start
> -   Pickup invisible kidney in bathroom bug
> -   Tantruming dwarves perform dozens of fistfights/throws in a second

[Previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2013/02/refucktoring-part-6/),
[previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2004/07/censorzilla/).
