English • Re: How to get YACY working as a proxy
================================================

Date: 2014-11-29 18:39:02

Hello,\
\

> <div>
>
> xioc752 hat geschrieben:\
> hence we need to opposite condition - which I hope will \'cure\' the
> problem.\
>
> </div>

The opposite is an enabled Proxy. But neither the admin pages nor the
user pages of the internal HTTP-Server are reachable through the Proxy.
The Problem is not inside the Proxy or its configuration, the problem is
inside the small piece of Code that decide witch internal Service (Proxy
or HTTP-Server) should handle an incoming connection. If this small
piece of Code decide that an incoming connection must handled by the
proxy than you can not reach the admin or user pages of the internal
HTTP-Server. The problem is not the street behind the
junction/intersection, the problem is the decision on the
junction/intersection. But this decision is not controllable /
configurable by the user.\
\
Okay, the real problem is that this kind of decision can
[never]{style="text-decoration: underline"} be perfect for
[all]{style="text-decoration: underline"} possible ways to access a
Computer with TCP/IP. That means the real problem is not inside the
small piece of Code, the real problem is the existence of this Code. The
only effective way to solve this problem is to remove this small piece
of Code completely and to use a design that do not need this kind of
Code.\
\
I am sorry for saying this but there is nothing that you or i can do,
the only persons that can do something are the developers of YaCy.
Perhaps you could report this problem as Bug.\
You can try to change the environment or you can try to change the way
you use to access the Peer (switch from plain IP-Addresses to Host-Names
or something similar) but beyond that, i can do nothing for you, sorry.\
\
Greetings\
Erik

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Erik\_S](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9480)
--- Sa Nov 29, 2014 6:39 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
