Mitmachen • Re: LinuxTag 2014
=============================

Date: 2014-04-15 08:26:39

Guten Morgen! Ich habe gestern Morgen eine ganz blöde Orgamail für den
Linuxtag bekommen, ich fürchte ihr müsst euch den Originaltext
durchlesen:\

> <div>
>
> \
> Hi!\
> \
> This is going to be a long mail. Please read it carefully and pass on
> this information to your team members.\
> \
> Exhibitor Passes\
> ==============\
> \
> As already stated in the acceptance mail, we will provide each project
> with \_two\_ 3-day-full-access-tickets-including-catering as exhibitor
> passes for their booth personell. So with these exhibitor passes
> projects can ensure that each booth is staffed with 2 people all the
> time. As professional catering is provided during the day time when
> the exhibition is open, we can not provide you with more free
> exhibitor passes.\
> These tickets are complimentary from us at LinuxTag e.V.\
> \
> Roughly 60 projects are participating at this years\' LinuxTag and
> with each of them getting 2 passes and catering costing us about EUR
> 50,- per ticket, LinuxTag e.V. is sponsoring the free software
> projects with about EUR 6000,- in tickets/catering alone. Plus costs
> for the venue, power, network and the booth furniture.\
> \
> Projects can buy \_additional\_ exhibitor passes for EUR 50,- for a
> 3-day-ticket. But this is really only intended for booth personell (!)
> as it barely covers the catering costs but none of our other costs.\
> \
> Projects have asked us how this will work with booth personell that is
> only there for a day and another one being there on the next day. You
> will be able to pass on an exhibitor pass (and only an exhibitor pass
> - no other tickets!) to a team member. We will have a LinuxTag e.V.
> information booth in hall 6, where you need to drop by to arrange
> this.\
> \
> To get an idea how many exhibitor passes will be \"shared\", please
> use the new \"Comment\" field when requesting exhibitor passes in the
> vCC. Please also use this comment field if you want to buy an
> exhibitor pass for EUR 50,- for this team member.\
> \
> IMPORTANT: exhibitor passes need to be requested by April 25!\
> (the caterer needs to know how many people we are expecting so that
> there is enough food available)\
> \
> I will then send out single-use-coupon codes to each project
> representative for both the complimentary and the additional exhibitor
> passes. These codes need to be used in our ticketshop to then get the
> actual ticket (which will then also generate a badge for you).\
> If you provide me with the email address and add a comment, I will try
> to send the ticket codes directly to the recipient.\
> \
> Please note that I do not need to know the names of non-booth
> personell project members that neither are speakers nor crew or
> moderators. You should not add these names to the list in the vCC.\
> \
> Speakers, Crew, and Moderators\
> ============================\
> \
> I am totally aware that limiting the complimentary exhibitor passes to
> only two per project is tough for some projects. Thus let me ensure
> you that I will double check the names you provide in the exhibitor
> pass request list in the vCC so that people do not receive multiple
> badges as in previous years.\
> \
> All speakers in the official conference program will receive a free
> full-conference pass from our conference team. So they do not need an
> exhibitor pass.\
> \
> All volunteers (crew members) and moderators will receive a free
> full-conference pass from me and thus do not need an exhibitor pass.
> Since we are still looking for volunteers and moderators, I will send
> around separate emails describing how you can sign up for this.\
> \
> Anyone accepted in our LinuxTag scholarship program (see our website
> for details - but hurry - the official deadline is tomorrow) will
> receive a complimentary full-conference pass from LinuxTag e.V. and
> thus does not need an exhibitor pass.\
> \
> If you list any speakers, crew members or moderators in the exhibitor
> pass list in the vCC, I will mark them accordingly. I will also delete
> any duplicate entries.\
> \
> Evenings are free, Saturday-only tickets are EUR 10,-\
> =============================================\
> \
> The evening program is free, so there\'s no entrance fee for all talks
> between 18:00 and 22:00 on Thursday and Friday.\
> Please note that the exhibition will be closed in the evening (we can
> not expect from exhibitors to staff their booth from 9:00 to 22:00).
> Only booths located in hall 5 (upstairs) may stay open longer if they
> wish. The remaining exhibition area will be roped off in the evening.\
> \
> Saturday-only tickets are EUR 10,-. They also include catering. Of
> course 3-day tickets already include Saturday. Saturday-only tickets
> are available for such a low price because this is our community day
> were also the droidcom barcamp takes place.\
> \
> Tickets for other team members\
> ============================\
> Unfortunately we can not provide you with free tickets for other team
> members this year. Members of your project who want to attend LinuxTag
> but neither are booth personell nor want to volunteer as LinuxTag crew
> member or moderator nor are speakers need to buy regular tickets if
> they want to attend LinuxTag during the daytime.\
> \
> Tickets are EUR 99,- for early bird tickets (full-3-day-access
> including catering, basically regular tickets at a reduced price sold
> on a first-come-first-served basis) and EUR 149,- for regular
> 3-day-access tickets including catering once the early birds run out.
> For EUR 79,- reduced 3-day-access tickets including catering are
> available with proper ID (full time students, handycap ID etc. ID
> needs to be presented at the registration desk when you pick up your
> lanyard and badge holder at the event).\
> Once all early bird tickets have been sold, 1-day-access tickets for
> Thursday or Friday will go on sale for EUR 109,- per day. If you only
> want to attend on Saturday, this day-ticket only costs EUR 10,-.\
> \
> Any ticket sold supports LinuxTag and our concept to provide free
> software projects with free booths.\
> \
> Hope this clarifies things a bit!\
> \
> Cheers,\
> Elke\
> Referentin Freie Projekte\
> LinuxTag e.V.\
>
> </div>

\
und eine zusätzliche Mail hintendran:\

> <div>
>
> \
> Hi!\
> \
> I knew that I would forget something in my long email about
> tickets\...\
> \
> As you know re:publica overlaps with LinuxTag and droidcon on
> Thursday. We agreed that attendees of LinuxTag and droidcon will get
> access to the re:publica exhibition and attendees of re:publica will
> get access to our exhibition.\
> \
> But ONLY the exhibition. Not the talks. If you want to attend any of
> the re:publica talks, you need to buy a re:publica ticket.\
> And if re:publica attendees want to attend LinuxTag and droidcon
> talks, they need to buy a ticket as well.\
> \
> This also means we need volunteers to check that only LinuxTag and
> droidcon attendees visit the LinuxTag and droidcon talks. And we need
> badge checks at the catering area, since re:publica attendees need to
> pay for the food, while for LinuxTag and droidcon attendees the
> catering is included in the ticket price.\
> \
> Puh. Complicated.\
> \
> Cheers,\
> Elke\
> Referentin Freie Projekte\
> LinuxTag e.V.\
>
> </div>

\
kurz zusammengefasst: es gibt nur 2 Tickets für Standhelfer (insgesamt)
und man darf nicht in die Vorträge von re:publica. Es gibt keine
Freitickets mehr für Community-Stände, statt dessen kosten die
3-Tagestickets 149,- so dass ein Sponsoring von Tickets für Standhelfer
aus YaCy-Spenden auch nicht sinnvoll ist. Wahnsinn: begründet wird
dieser Quatsch mit Cateringkosten.\
\
Für uns heisst das: wir werden maximal zu dritt sein, weil ich dann für
mich \_kein\_ Standhelferticket nehme und über mein Ticket für Speaker
rein kann.\
\
Ich weiss dass es stressig ist einen Stand zu dritt drei Tage lang zu
machen. Wer unter diesen Umständen keine Lust mehr hat zu helfen dann
kann ich das gut verstehen. Tatsächlich sind zwar bei den zwei
Linuxtagen in Chemnitz die Anzahl der Standhelfer auch auf drei
begrenzt, das ist aber was anders, das ist ganz klein dort, dort gibts
keine richtige Messestände sondern nur Tische. Wahrscheinlich haben wir
in Berlin auch nur einen Tisch und keine Box, aber dazu gabs noch keine
Infomail.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Orbiter](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=2)
--- Di Apr 15, 2014 7:26 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
