Mitmachen • Re: Raspberry Pi
============================

Date: 2014-01-16 02:58:27

> <div>
>
> fherb hat geschrieben:\
> \@all: I\'m not so familiar with development under Linux (I\'m a
> system integrator for special measurement and control equipment for
> research facilities. The most software, which I can use is only
> available in Windows.): Is there a simple possibility to send the YaCy
> log file to a TCP port in real-time? Similar like \"tail\" send this
> to the terminal? (But I saw that \"tail\" can hang up by itself,
> sometimes.)\
>
> </div>

\
\
You can use netcat if you just want to send the log file to another
system. You then on that system use netcat to receive the file and then
write it to a file or pipe it to something else like grep, more, etc.
But as soon as the sending system reaches the EOF, it\'ll stop, and
you\'ll have to restart netcat to do it again.\
Or are you looking for something to constantly \'stream\' the log file
to another system?\
\
\
I see that Oracle just released a newer version of Java recently, so
I\'ll throw it on the testing list. I\'d REALLY like to be able to use
Java ME, but I have a feeling YaCy uses certain java features that are
not included in ME. The new version does have more capabilities than the
older version, so I\'ll go ahead and take a shot at it. JDK 8 will be
final in March; I\'m hoping Oracle can pull of some serious performance
improvements, I\'ve heard good things so far\... but since its not
final\... Oracle will still probably find a way to screw it up. lol

Statistik: Verfasst von
[q5sys](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9339)
--- Do Jan 16, 2014 2:58 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
