Youtube\'s joke of a fair-use appeal process
============================================

Date: 2014-10-06 22:05:54

::: {style="width: 50%; max-width: 640px; white-space: nowrap; margin: auto; float: right; clear: right;"}
:::

Remember last month, when I was working on a screen saver and I
[reviewed all nine *Hellraiser*
movies](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/08/hellraiser/) and made [a
supercut of every on-screen appearance of the Lament
Configuration](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHyFLEMDXDQ)?

As soon as I posted it, it was immediately blocked with seven content-ID
matches. So I filed a DMCA fair-use counter-claim, because this video
\-- made of dozens of 5 second clips from these films for the purpose of
analyzing the special-effects techniques that went into them \-- is
clearly fair use.

Well, yesterday they finally replied, and I thought you\'d be interested
to know what that looks like, because it is the excrement of a bull and
it stinketh:

> [Copyright Notice: The Lament Configuration,
> Supercut](https://www.youtube.com/copynotice?video_id=xHyFLEMDXDQ)
>
> Your video may include clips that are owned by a third party. To watch
> the matched clips please play the video on the right. The video will
> play from the point where the matched content was identified.
>
> Your video is blocked in some countries.
>
> Copyright details:
>
> -   1:53: Visual content administered by:\
>     Starz Media LLC: **Claim released.**
> -   10:18: Visual content administered by:\
>     MegaTube: **Claim released.**\
>     Miramax : **Dispute rejected, claim has been reinstated.**
>
> -   0:17: Visual content administered by:\
>     Starz Media LLC: -
>
> -   8:10: Visual content administered by:\
>     MegaTube: **Claim released.**
>
> -   4:05: Visual content administered by:\
>     egeda: **Dispute rejected, claim has been reinstated.**\
>     Image Entertainment: **Dispute rejected, claim has been
>     reinstated.**
>
I have no idea who \"MegaTube\" is (those words are impossible to search
for) but I\'m guessing they\'re one of those companies that just files
copyright claims on *everything* in order to get adwords on it, and give
up as soon as someone complains.

For the others, and to nobody\'s great surprise, how this works is you
say *\"Fair use!\"* and Youtube asks their corporate overlords what they
think. Then MPAA content mafia then replies, *\"Well yes, that looks
like fair use to me, too! We\'re so sorry that our robot, with no human
oversight, accused you of being a dirty thief.\"* Just kidding, they
don\'t even believe in the *concept* of fair use, so they say \"no\".

The conversation we just had (and by \"we\" I mean \"me and the
robots\") is:

-   Robot: YOU ARE A THIEF
-   Me: This is fair use because XYZ
-   Robot: NO

Nice that there is no explanation or justification for their opinion.

So after that, you have three options you can click:

1.  **OK, got it** (in a giant box, bigger than the other links below
    it)
2.  If you think this is an invalid claim, you can file a dispute.
3.  If you still think this is an invalid claim, you can file an appeal.

I already clicked \#2 last time, so I don\'t know why it\'s still there,
so let\'s see what happens when you click \#3\... You get a page that
has an \"Error Dialog\"-style box, with a big yellow MTA \"warning
triangle\" and everything, that says:

> Appeal reinstated claim
>
> **Are you sure you want to appeal?**
>
> You will be required to provide your contact information to the
> claimant.
>
> An appeal will result in either:
>
> -   the **release of a claim on your video**
> -   OR **a legal copyright notification from the claimant.** In this
>     event your **video will be taken down** and **you will receive a
>     copyright strike** on your account. If you have received
>     additional copyright strikes, this may suspend your YouTube
>     account [Learn
>     more](https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2814000?hl=en)
>
OH NOES! If I dare to dispute their rejection of my claim, they\'re
going to *know who I am* and there\'s going to be a *legal hoo-ha
something-or-other!*

Ok, first of all, it\'s obvious that they\'re just trying to scare
people with the way they\'re phrasing this here. \"If you click this
button, terrible things will happen to you! The sky will darken with
lawyers!\" They *intend* most people reading this, who don\'t understand
how this works, to interpret that as \"if you click this button,
someone\'s going to sue you.\"

But second, let\'s look at the proposition they are actually making to
me right now:

-   Me: I believe this video is fair use.
-   Youtube: Other corporations disagree, and we trust them implicitly.
    Your choices:
    A.  Agree with us that you are a dirty lying dirty thief, and we\'ll
        still allow it to play in *some* countries.
    B.  Disagree with us, and *we\'re going to take it down everywhere
        forever.* And I hope you know that *this will go down on your
        permanent record.*

How does that make any sense at all? If *today* it\'s reasonable for it
to be un-blocked in some countries, how does my filing of an appeal
change that?

That\'s just them being vindictive, and trying to discourage anyone from
ever filing an appeal.

So let\'s ride this turd-train to the end and see what happens. I
clicked continue, and got this form:

> Your full name and contact information will be shared with Image
> Entertainment,egeda.
>
> -   Your full legal name
> -   Email address
> -   Street address, City, State/Province, ZIP/Postal code, Country
>
> **You originally disputed the claim based on fair use. Please explain
> why your use of content is subject to fair use according to the
> following statutory factors.** [Learn
> more](https://www.youtube.com/t/copyright_permissions)
>
> -   Purpose and character of use:\
>     *(I said: \"Nonprofit, educational use. It is an analysis of how
>     certain visual affects were achieved in nine different films.\")*
> -   Nature of copyrighted work:\
>     *(I said: \"The material examined is from all of the nine
>     \"Hellraiser\" films.\")*
>
> -   The amount and substantiality of the portion used:\
>     *(I said: \"Each clip is extremely short, roughly 5-20 seconds
>     each.\")*
>
> -   The effect of the use upon the potential market for, or value of,
>     the original work:\
>     *(I said: \"None.\")*
>
> -   Please confirm your agreement with the following statement:\
>     I acknowledge that filing an appeal may lead to legal proceedings
>     between me and the complaining party to determine ownership. I am
>     aware that there may be adverse legal consequences in my country
>     if I make a false or bad faith allegation by using this process. I
>     understand the personal contact information I provided above will
>     be shared with the complaining party for purposes of my appeal and
>     consent to this disclosure. I acknowledge that this information
>     may be transmitted outside my home country as part of this
>     process.
>
> -   Type your full name to serve as your electronic signature
>
Incidentally, one of the countries in which this video is now blocked is
The United States of America. I wonder what countries it is *not*
blocked in?

[Previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2012/09/i-for-one-welcome-our-new-algorithmic-snitch-overlords/),
[previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2012/04/burn-hollywood-burn-2/).
