Fragen und Antworten • Re: Memory problems
==========================================

Date: 2014-11-25 23:03:26

Hello,\
\
I would like to move this topic again back as an actual agenda item.\
\
Last winter time I checked Yacy at different systems and now I restartet
this process. The main reason is to use a vServer with a blog also as a
YaCy system. The blog doesn\'t use the power of two Intel E5 cores,
2/4GByte RAM and 200GByte HDD. The second is to let run YaCy at home. In
combination of an desktop (crawling and indexing during it is on) and an
ARM system to host the solr and to host the YaCy user interface for
search questions and Index/DHT-Transfer with other Peers.\
\
My problem is that after some days/weeks of work the Java system with
YaCy begins to produce out of memory problems. I thought to understand
that YaCy stops crawl and DHT-receive in case the memory runs short. But
it looks like that it isn\'t so:\
\
I tried the last two days to adjust the [RAM disable DHT-in
below]{style="font-style: italic"} value at the admin page
Performance\_p.html (OS is Ubuntu)\
\
I can set the value to a very, very small value. Also to a middle value
(half of the physical RAM) or to a value higher than my physical memory
space is. Never YaCy stops the DHT-in! I don\'t know if YaCy has also to
stop crawling in case of to less RAM. But the trigger für DHT-in came
never. (used with the actual release)\
\
[The second question is more principle: How I have to adjust the memory
parameters?\
\
For example: ]{style="font-weight: bold"}\
\
\* My system should have 2GByte RAM. (It\'s not much, but in this case
only theoretical and a real value in comparison of the standard of 600MB
for YaCy-Java-Runtime-Environment after installation.)\
\* I would like be sure that my operating system inclusive all small
tasks and admistrations tools has ever 400MByte for this purpose. So
YaCy inclusive solr should never use more RAM than 1,6GByte.\
\
[How I have to adjust the parameter of YaCy to get such a
configuration?]{style="font-weight: bold"}\
\
[In my current opinion (as an example),]{style="font-weight: bold"}\
\
\* I would set the xmx-value in the yacy.conf to about 1200MByte. I saw
that we have to calculate, that Java will use about 20% more than the
value of xmx. Why ever.\
\
\* Now, to be save with this configuration, I would set the [RAM disable
DHT-in below]{style="font-style: italic"} value at 1000MByte. So I hope
that Yacy will stop to increase the DHT-Table in RAM at this moment
where it starts to need more than 1GByte RAM. My hope would be that YaCy
would have a RAM-buffer of additional 200Mbyte starting with the
DHT-in-stop (1GByte) until the worst value for the Java engine of
1,2GByte in order to keep stable.\
\
But the last time shows that either I missunderstood this all or
somthing doesn\'t work like as provided.\
\
I think, somethig would help the user if the adjustment of the
parameters for special RAM configurations would be explained in the
Wiki.\
\
May somebody help?\
\
Best regards,\
Frank

Statistik: Verfasst von
[fherb](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9031)
--- Di Nov 25, 2014 11:03 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
