English • Browser preferred language in Yacy search
===================================================

Date: 2014-05-11 18:08:24

Hello all forum users,\
I am quite new in the field of Yacy but I am definitely supporting it. I
have been running a senior node 24/7 for a few weeks now (dome\_cirrus)
and I could crawl a few million pages of French + English wikipedia and
various newspapers.\
\
The most frustrating thing for me is the language management in the
search. When I look for, let\'s say, Obama, I will have the wikipedia
results in many languages, which is absurd. I want the results in the
languages I can read (namely French, English and a bit of German).\
The solution would be to add /language/XX at the end of the search
request. But I don\'t want to do it. It is not user friendly at all.\
\
[[Easy]{style="font-style: italic"} solution suggested to
developers:]{style="font-weight: bold"} get the browser preferred
language, as DuckDuckGo does, to present the results in that language
(user\'s language, let\'s say German), then in English (universal
language), then in French/Russian/Spanish/\... (other languages than
browser\'s preferred that the general user will generally not
understand)\
\
Is it feasible?\
\
This idea leads to a concept of language sub-networks. When someone
makes a search in French, it would be good to ask French peers first if
they have results for the query. It may not apply with English, of
course, as everybody indexes some English pages.\
I have no idea if such a tuning of the DHT system is feasible.\
\
Thank you for reading. Please reply if you have better solutions. I
would be glad to have some feedback on these points.\
\
PS: I copy-pasted my original message from <http://www.yacy-forum.org/>
as there does not seem to be much activity there.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[sto](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9397)
--- So Mai 11, 2014 5:08 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
