En:Seeks
========

Date: 2014-01-09 13:25:38

[Connection between YaCy and Seeks: ]{.autocomment} small fix

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 9. Januar 2014, 12:25 Uhr

Zeile 1:

Zeile 1:

−

<div>

~~== Connection between YaCy~~ and Seeks ~~==~~

</div>

\+

<div>

[\[http://www.seeks-project.info Seeks\] is a peer-to-peer search
software which is a social search front-end on top of existing search
services. Seeks does not crawl the web and does not store web pages, it
does a meta-search on other search engines but has an interface to share
the search experience with other Seeks users. To do that a Seeks peer is
running as a http proxy which rates web pages according to the surf
behavior of the users]{.underline} and [then creates a new ranking for
searches done on the]{.underline} Seeks [search interface. This
transparently user-defined ranking is not shared across the network to
preserve privacy. Only the search result links that has been the result
of that ranking is shared across the network.]{.underline}

</div>

 

 

−

<div>

~~\[\[http://www.seeks-project.info \| Seeks\]\] is a peer-to-peer
search software~~ which ~~is a social search front-end on top~~ of
~~existing search services.~~ Seeks ~~does not crawl the web and does
not store web pages, it does a meta-search on other search engines but
has an interface to share the search experience with other Seeks users.
To do that a Seeks peer~~ is ~~running as a http proxy which rates web
pages according to the surf behavior of the users~~ and ~~then creates a
new ranking for searches done on the Seeks search interface. This
transparently user-defined ranking is not shared across the network to
preserve privacy. Only the search result links that has been the result
of that ranking is shared across the network~~.

</div>

\+

<div>

[If you are in doubt]{.underline} which of [YaCy or]{.underline} Seeks
is [better: just connect them]{.underline} and [use
\'\'\'both\'\'\']{.underline}.

</div>

 

 

 

\+

<div>

[== Connection between YaCy and Seeks ==]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

The connection between Seeks and YaCy is done by assignment of YaCy as a
search source. This can be easily done using the opensearch protocol
which is supported by both, YaCy (as opensearch service) and Seeks (as
opensearch client).

</div>

 

<div>

The connection between Seeks and YaCy is done by assignment of YaCy as a
search source. This can be easily done using the opensearch protocol
which is supported by both, YaCy (as opensearch service) and Seeks (as
opensearch client).

</div>

 

 
