Mitmachen • Re: Raspberry Pi
============================

Date: 2014-01-12 00:43:30

[I\'m completely confused:]{style="font-weight: bold"}\
\
Today in the afternoon I started YaCy on both RasPis again in the state
of the last days (no reset of DATA-directory!). Both RasPis made
problems last days. Today, RasPi1 was working only for 3 hours. After
this time no more reaction via web front end. (But YaCy was running as
\"top\" shows.) The RasPi2 is working since this start without any
problems.\
\
Now, at midnight, I would prepare a documentation about these RasPis.
But during I visited the working of the ARM via htop and via web front
end: Suprise! Suprise!\
\
It seems, that RasPi 1 made a automatic restart in this moment: Not the
operating system was restarted. And not YaCy by me. But: the web front
end is working now. And the status shows a diagram what looks like a
restart. It is not really a restart. But now I get answers via web!
Hours after the last reaction via web! The state information of the web
front end: DHT-Transfer was stopped from RasPi1.\
\
But it\'s not the best state, how the log of RasPi1 shows:\
\

Code: 
:   `java.lang.IllegalStateException: STREAM`

\
\
or\
\

Code: 
:   `java.lang.NullPointerException`

\
\
And RasPi2 shows similar problems:\
\

Code: 
:   `java.lang.IllegalStateException: STREAM`

\
\
And now I get no response from RasPi2 via web front end! But RasPi1 get
response.\
\
RasPi1 uses 310Mbyte RAM and RasPi2 353MByte. There is some space free.
CPU load is around 100% in the last minutes. But 10 minutes ago it was
very changing between 20% and 90%.\
\
Ok: I will let both RasPis in this running state. We will see what will
happens next time.\
\
Regards!

Statistik: Verfasst von
[fherb](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9031)
--- So Jan 12, 2014 12:43 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
