Shouting into the void, this time Bandcamp.
===========================================

Date: 2014-10-27 06:48:45

A message I just typed into the feedback form on
[Bandcamp](http://www.bandcamp.com/) that I\'m sure won\'t be read:

> Subject: You make this too hard.
>
> Guys, you really need to solve your payment problem. You\'re making it
> far too hard for me to give you money. I was about to buy a bunch of
> albums, but it\'s such a pain in the ass that I just gave up instead.
>
> 1\) You won\'t remember my credit card info.
>
> 2\) You make me use Paypal. I don\'t have a Paypal account because I
> think they are a terrible company, and using Paypal to check out with a
> card but no account is a huge hassle. (I\'m sure they intentionally make
> it harder than it needs to be, because they suck.)
>
> 3\) If I put 6 albums in my cart and check out, you make me enter my
> credit card info SIX TIMES. This is insane. You realize this is insane,
> don\'t you?
>
> You have used Amazon, right? Click once, receive candy. You need to be
> like that.
>
> Also, WTF, you won\'t let me submit this form without picking some
> random album page. Thanks for making it even harder for me to contact
> you. I\'m LOGGED IN. Why are you Captcha-ing me?? You are apparently
> saying here \"We do not want your feedback.\" Christ, how much more
> customer-hostile could you make this process?
>
> Thanks.

Fucking contact forms. What the hell is wrong with email?

Fortunately, Amazon has un-broken MP3 downloading (the link to use
\"Amazon MP3 Downloader\" has returned, so you don\'t have to deal with
the despicable \"Amazon Cloud Player\"), so I\'m back using them again.
Alas, some of these bands weren\'t on Amazon.

[Previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/06/this-amazon-music-app-can-choke-on-a-bucket-of-cocks/).
