Mitmachen • Re: Raspberry Pi
============================

Date: 2014-01-16 00:29:49

Sorry, sorry, that I\'m not so fast!\
\
In order to get better information from the running YaCys I was thinking
about my test environment. In the moment my two RasPis, my CubieTruck, a
Desktop, my Laptop (additional services like TOR are also running) and
my Spotify music, \... and a Tablet\... and the Backup of my NAS to a
friend\... and my Smart phone \... all use the same Internet connection,
the same router! It was enough for first experiences. But when we now
test and compare together, I would like make this environment better.\
\
I will use my Workstation at work in order to simulate some web servers.
This device should have enough power in comparison to ARM boards. And a
second Ethernet card. What I have to buy is a Gig-Ethernet switch and
some cables. Maybe I find a bit equipment by other colleagues. My
equipment is working for other tasks in the moment. That\'s the first
thing.\
\
The second one is to have some possibilities to observe the YaCy boards.
The first is, to collect the log-information together with the state of
collecting of URLs and DHT words. The second is a post processing (maybe
also in real-time) to analyse this information. And the third, to check
the response for http questions.\
\
I wouldn\'t like to sit next to the boards for days. We should have a
data acquisition system as observer. Only by this way we will get
comparable information.\
\
Please, let me time for this for two weeks.\
\
\@Orbiter: Do you have any software tool in order to observe YaCy? Or a
script which processes the log files? I plan to write a small tool what
can process this information and can calculate summary statistic
information or graphs.\
\
\@all: I\'m not so familiar with development under Linux (I\'m a system
integrator for special measurement and control equipment for research
facilities. The most software, which I can use is only available in
Windows.): Is there a simple possibility to send the YaCy log file to a
TCP port in real-time? Similar like \"tail\" send this to the terminal?
(But I saw that \"tail\" can hang up by itself, sometimes.)

Statistik: Verfasst von
[fherb](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9031)
--- Do Jan 16, 2014 12:29 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
