Why we believe Apple
====================

Date: 2014-09-21 00:15:47

> From: [John Gilmore
> \<gnu\@toad.com\>](http://www.listbox.com/member/archive/247/2014/09/sort/time_rev/page/1/entry/0:68/20140920025422:EF9B49B8-4092-11E4-A09C-A0EE860E492D/)\
> Date: Saturday, September 20, 2014\
> Subject: Re: \[Cryptography\] new wiretap resistance in iOS 8?\
> To: cryptography\@metzdowd.com
>
> And why do we believe them?
>
> -   Because we can read the source code and the protocol descriptions
>     ourselves, and determine just how secure they are?
> -   Because they\'re a big company and big companies never lie?
> -   Because they\'ve implemented it in proprietary binary software,
>     and proprietary crypto is always stronger than the company claims
>     it to be?
> -   Because they can\'t covertly send your device updated software
>     that would change all these promises, for a targeted individual,
>     or on a mass basis?
> -   Because you will never agree to upgrade the software on your
>     device, ever, no matter how often they send you updates?
> -   Because this first release of their encryption software has no
>     security bugs, so you will never need to upgrade it to retain your
>     privacy?
> -   Because if a future update INSERTS privacy or security bugs, we
>     will surely be able to distinguish these updates from future
>     updates that FIX privacy or security bugs?
> -   Because if they change their mind and decide to lessen our privacy
>     for their convenience, or by secret government edict, they will be
>     sure to let us know?
> -   Because they have worked hard for years to prevent you from
>     upgrading the software that runs on their devices so that YOU can
>     choose it and control it instead of them?
> -   Because the US export control bureacracy would never try to stop
>     Apple from selling secure mass market proprietary encryption
>     products across the border?
> -   Because the countries that wouldn\'t let Blackberry sell phones
>     that communicate securely with your own corporate servers, will of
>     course let Apple sell whatever high security non-tappable devices
>     it wants to?
> -   Because we\'re apple fanboys and the company can do no wrong?
> -   Because they want to help the terrorists win?
> -   Because NSA made them mad once, therefore they are on the side of
>     the public against NSA?
> -   Because it\'s always better to wiretap people after you convince
>     them that they are perfectly secure, so they\'ll spill all their
>     best secrets?
>
> There must be some other reason, I\'m just having trouble thinking of
> it.
>
> John
