English • Re: Demo portal has got too many connections
======================================================

Date: 2014-10-15 03:32:54

> <div>
>
> Erik\_S hat geschrieben:\
> Hello,\
> \
>
> > <div>
> >
> > tinkerphone hat geschrieben:maybe the loadbancer should \"just\"
> > iframe a host from the list. This would make the decentralized
> > concept of YaCy visible.\
> >
> > </div>
>
> Please try
> [http://130.255.73.69:5353/forward[?random]{style="font-weight: bold"}](http://130.255.73.69:5353/forward?random){.postlink}
> for a random YaCy-Peer. But be warned, this Forwarder is a new and not
> well tested function in my Tool.\
> \
> Greetings\
> Erik
>
> </div>

\
\
Tried a few times and it works ok but.\
\
Can you factor in a if version number is above 1.81/xxxx then forward to
those random peers because the httpd Session Pool max of 50 was only
just recently raised it was previous it was 20.\
Ask one of the developers which version the setting was raised.\
\
Another thing to take into account is peer response time to do a search,
my old YaCy peer was in the order of 12 seconds which is way too long
for someone just trying Yacy search out.\
\
Another thing [Orbiter wrote German in the English
forum]{style="font-weight: bold"} but here is what he said.\
\
hm, the demo-portal should be just that: a demo. For large crowds not
thought of. It is always better to use your own YaCy instance. Actually,
it should not even exist because it contradicts the concept of building
a distributed p2p search engine, the demo portal yes. In this respect I
am always glad when the demo portal failed and I can point out that it
is not intended. We want to build no search portal, but a search engine
software for Web portals.\
\
I have my web portal on my twitter page and I left my computer off for a
week and lost over 10 Followers 6%.\
I now run a Debian VPS with my yacy portal linked to my profile and
slowly gained new followers again.\
\
YaCy gives you the freedom to index your liked content and search the
results.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[smokingwheels](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8994)
--- Mi Okt 15, 2014 2:32 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
