Fragen und Antworten • Re: Stable YaCy
======================================

Date: 2014-01-19 13:10:19

I am starting to get a bit fed up, to put it nice. I have been working
professionaly with Linux for 10 years, and I asses YaCy to be very
unstable. Maybe you could get it stable somehow by having expert insight
into the code as a developer, but it don't work right out of the box
like it is stated on the web page. The result will be that users
download the software to try it out, don't get it to work and just
delete it. That in turn will put an effective stop on recruitment of
YaCy users.\
\
Since mid of december I have tried to put up a stable YaCy installation,
and my setup is right now as follows. Dedicated server Core 2 Duo E6750
CPU, with 8GB ram, 240GB 10k RPM disks RAID1. Linux Debian Wheezy
(kernel 2.6.32) with Java SE 1.7.0 environment. I am running YaCy 1.66
with an external solr 4.6.0 instance running under tomcat 6.0.35. Both
tomcat and YaCy is running with java args Xmx2g and the system have a
script running every hour as a cron job that free up system memory.
Beside apache with a mod\_proxy allowing access through port 80, the
system is running the YaCy installation exclusively. Internet connection
is a 50/50mbit/s dedicated fiber line.\
\
Since mid december I have encountered the following problems:\
\
•Unstable YaCy, not configureded (or stable enough) to run right out of
the box\
•Not good enough documentation. It lacks English documentation, and the
german documentation which I have translated with google translate lack
the following:\
\-\-\-\-\--oDetailed information about how the system actually work.
Which files does what? How is it all logical build up? It is far to
superficial and most of it describes only how the GUI work and seem
aimed at newbie users (which this system is not stable enough to be
aimed as a user base in mine opinion)\
\-\-\-\-\--oWhat do the configuration alternatives do? How do I
customize yacy log files to output the logging I need? (e.g whats the
difference between PROXY.level and PLASMA.level). What do all the
alternatives in the yacy.conf files mean? How can I "downtune" it, so it
don't crash? (if it is even able)\
\-\-\-\-\--oDetailed info about how to configure my node to weight the
results the way I would like to present them. As a Norwegian node I
would weight content from .no domains very high, and I would like to
create a index of relevant sites.\
•Language. The forums is mainly in German. That makes non-german
speaking people having trouble asking for help. The first thing that
meet me on the English forum was loads of spam. Most of the admins where
inactive and the owner was long gone, but I got in touch with one of the
maintainers and gave him some advice on running forums and much of the
spam is now sorted out.\
\
I am fed up, and the only reason I am not deleting the software right
now is that I would like to contribute to create a counter weight to
foreign states survival regimes.\
\
So. The first thing I would like to comment on is the project aim. Stop
aiming the software to home users. The software is not for home users,
it is really not. You need good hardware to be able to run it and you
can't use memory intensive programs while you are running it (e.g.
games). The software should really be aimed at people running a
dedicated server and want to contribute.\
\
Be concrete about the environment needs. Which java version that is
recommended, and what is the minimum memory. (it is a lot more than 4GB,
that's for sure.)\
\
The next thing you should do is to optimize the package to run in such a
environment. I really start to wonder about your competency when you are
distributing the package with 600mb start memory. It will run out of
memory in hours. It makes it impossible to use out of the box in a
dedicated system as well as a home user system, and novice server owners
will not be able to tune the memory and give up. Effectivly rejecting
user mass you actually could get hold off. The same goes to the settings
in yacy.conf. Optimize it to work on a dedicated system with enough
resourses and flag to the community that you need that hardware specs.\
\
This was a long post, but I am angry. I feel tricked into using a month
on a system that don't work as it is promised. I am not angry about you
guys making YaCy, because YaCy is free and the idea is good. But I am
really angry about how you communicating this software as a "search
engine that [anyone ]{style="font-weight: bold"}can use to build a
search portal for their intranet or to help search the public internet"
with "installation takes only three minutes. Just download the release,
decompress the package and run the start script."\
\
Last I would just say that I did some statistics about the active peers
in the YaCy network. Yes, some has over 100 days uptime. But the average
uptime was 4 days. That is really bad. More bad is that the median
uptime is 1 day. ONE DAY! Only 3,2% of the members have a uptime over 20
days and only 7,4% have uptime over 10 days. That means that 92,6% of
the peers have 9 days uptime or less! It is not good at all, to be
honest it is really awfull.\
\
So to conclude: I would like some comment from the developers on this.
What is the strategy? I would really like to contribute to this project.
But things really need to change regarding strategy, distribution and
documentation if you want this project to succeed.\
\
// Sincerely\
David Karlsen\
a engaged YaCy user

Statistik: Verfasst von
[davidk](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9338)
--- So Jan 19, 2014 1:10 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
