Dev:APIpush
===========

Date: 2014-06-24 15:43:58

[Call Attributes: ]{.autocomment} markup fix

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 24. Juni 2014, 13:43 Uhr

(Eine dazwischenliegende Version von einem Benutzer wird nicht
angezeigt)

Zeile 1:

Zeile 1:

 

<div>

= Document Push API =

</div>

 

<div>

= Document Push API =

</div>

−

<div>

Documents can be pushed directly to YaCy using ~~this API~~. All
documents are parsed and analysed using the YaCy built-in document
parser and written to the Solr index using this servlet.

</div>

\+

<div>

Documents can be pushed directly to YaCy using [the servlet at
/api/push\_p.json]{.underline}. All [pushed]{.underline} documents are
parsed and analysed using the YaCy built-in document parser and written
to the Solr index using this servlet.

</div>

 

 

 

\+

<div>

[== Call Attributes ==]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

This servlet must be called at /api/push\_p.json using HTTP POST request
using multipart/form-data parameter encoding. It may also be possible to
call this servlet using GET, but this should only be done for test cases
because the purpose of that servlet is a transmission of large, binary
data.

</div>

 

<div>

This servlet must be called at /api/push\_p.json using HTTP POST request
using multipart/form-data parameter encoding. It may also be possible to
call this servlet using GET, but this should only be done for test cases
because the purpose of that servlet is a transmission of large, binary
data.

</div>

 

 

Zeile 29:

Zeile 30:

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'lastModified-X\'\'\'

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'lastModified-X\'\'\'

</div>

−

<div>

\|A date which is assigned to the document. The date format must be
according to \[~~RFC 1123~~ http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1123.txt\] like
\"EEE, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss Z" with a time zone indicator according to
\[~~RFC 5322~~ http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5322.txt\]

</div>

\+

<div>

\|A date which is assigned to the document. The date format must be
according to \[http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1123.txt [RFC
1123]{.underline}\] like \"EEE, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss Z" with a time zone
indicator according to \[http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5322.txt [RFC
5322]{.underline}\]

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'contentType-X\'\'\'

</div>

 

<div>

\|\'\'\'contentType-X\'\'\'

</div>

Zeile 36:

Zeile 37:

 

<div>

\|}

</div>

 

<div>

\|}

</div>

 

 

 

\+

<div>

[== Performance ==]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[When called with synchronous=false and commit=false, this API may be
the fastest way to inser raw document data into the YaCy search index.
It is strongly recommended to avoid synchronous=true or commit=true to
get the best performance since the pushed documents are parsed and
indexed using a concurrent, self-scaling and full multi-core capable
application infrastructure. It is also possible to concurrently call the
/api/push\_p.json servlet with more than one client tasks. The
concurrent indexing option with synchronous=false and commit=false is
recommendet for typical initial-load tasks where only once a large set
of documents are indexed.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[If the API is called with ynchronous=true and/or commit=true, then the
processing time will be linear with the number of documents in one call
and will get an additional delay when commit=true. Using forced a commit
too frequently will cause a strong defragmentation which will slow down
search result processing as well.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[== Test Environment ==]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

To make it easier to test this servlet, it is also possible to call the
API with GET. A typical call looks like:

</div>

 

<div>

To make it easier to test this servlet, it is also possible to call the
API with GET. A typical call looks like:

</div>

 

 
