Mitmachen • Re: Raspberry Pi
============================

Date: 2014-01-25 11:58:50

> <div>
>
> q5sys hat geschrieben:\
> I\'m having an odd problem with the 1.67 versions that I never had
> with the 1.66 versions. I\'m getting password errors all the time.
> Even when I use the /yacy/bin/passwd.sh command, when I try to log in
> later my password wont working. Every once in a while if I reset
> it\... I can log in to the admin panel
> [once]{style="font-weight: bold"}, but after I change anything it asks
> me to log back in and the same login/pass wont work. I\'ve tried
> everything, even manually editing the yacy.conf file and encoding my
> own base64 md5 hash.\
>
> </div>

\
\
reger is working on the auth mechanism and he wants to migrate from
BASIC auth to DIGEST auth. This is a work in progress and I am confident
that this is a matter of some days to work again.\
\

> <div>
>
> q5sys hat geschrieben:\
> For some updates.\
> Embedded JDK8 wont work at all since -server only works with ARMv7.\
> Embedded JDK7 works fine and I\'m noticing some performance
> improvements over v6. Want to do more testing to just see if what I\'m
> seeing is a fluke.\
> ME 3.3 and ME8 will not work at all for us, sadly. This would have
> given us the biggest performance boost possible.\
>
> </div>

\
\
jre6-headless should be sufficient, i don\'t know if there is a
jre7-headless. I would also suggest to try jre6 in favor of jre7 and
check resource amount. I remember that jre7 had some issues in the
beginning and that i.e. solr was not working on jre7. Maybe oracle had
messed it up when their developers first tried to enhance jre\...\
\

> <div>
>
> q5sys hat geschrieben:\
> The reason i went with Puppy Linux over Rasbian is becuase I have the
> most experience for being able to get the most performance out of it.
> While i have some experience with tweaking Debian itself, I\'m more
> familiar with modifying sources for performance. In the end I will use
> whatever is the best performing solution. If that ends up to be
> Rasbian or SlackwareARM\... so be it. I dont care what OS we end up
> using, just as long as it provides the best user experience.\
>
> </div>

\
I was very happy to see that you had (a kickstarter) experience with
other projects on the RPi and that had a connection on the selection of
a different OS than raspian. I though this experience could be a missing
element for the YaCy-on-RPi challenge.\
\

> <div>
>
> q5sys hat geschrieben:\
> Michael, you have any scripts for diagnosing the reasons for when YaCy
> crashes? I\'m looking in the logs and seeing absolutely nothing. It\'s
> almost as if JAVA itself is crashing, and thats why YaCy logs just end
> abruptly. So I\'m unable to diagnose whats causing the problem.\
> EDIT: disregard that last question. I was testing the archarm release
> and was able to able to track down the issue to be systemd killing
> java via OOM.\
>
> </div>

\
We have seen this out-of-nothing crashes of YaCy without leaving a
message in the log a lot. Until today I don\'t know how to find out what
it is. I belive it could be different in different jre versions because
it is an in-jre bug. What did you find out?

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Orbiter](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=2)
--- Sa Jan 25, 2014 11:58 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
