The Intercept veröffentlicht das Handbuch für die \...
======================================================

Date: 2014-07-24 12:21:29

[The Intercept veröffentlicht das Handbuch für die Terroristenliste der
USA](https://firstlook.org/theintercept/article/2014/07/23/blacklisted/).
Welche Kriterien man erfüllen muss, um dort gelistet zu werden.
Highlights:

> The new guidelines allow individuals to be designated as
> representatives of terror organizations without any evidence they are
> actually connected to such organizations, and it gives a single White
> House official the unilateral authority to place "entire categories"
> of people the government is tracking onto the no fly and selectee
> lists. It broadens the authority of government officials to "nominate"
> people to the watchlists based on what is vaguely described as
> "fragmentary information." It also allows for dead people to be
> watchlisted.

Da weiß man, was man hat!

Aber müssen die sich wenigstens \"Beweise\" für schlimme Straftaten aus
dem Arsch ziehen? Nein! Nicht mal das!

> In addition to expected crimes, such as assassination or
> hostage-taking, the guidelines also define **destruction of government
> property** and **damaging computers used by financial institutions**
> as activities meriting placement on a list. They also define as
> terrorism **any act that is "dangerous" to property and intended to
> influence government policy through intimidation**.

Also: gefährliche Dinge auf Twitter posten --- willkommen in Guantanamo!
