Dev:APIpush
===========

Date: 2014-06-24 15:19:28

added push api documentation

**Neue Seite**

<div>

= Document Push API =\
Documents can be pushed directly to YaCy using this API. All documents
are parsed and analysed using the YaCy built-in document parser and
written to the Solr index using this servlet.\
\
This servlet must be called at /api/push\_p.json using HTTP POST request
using multipart/form-data parameter encoding. It may also be possible to
call this servlet using GET, but this should only be done for test cases
because the purpose of that servlet is a transmission of large, binary
data.\
\
{\| style=\"color:black; background-color:\#efefef;\" cellpadding=\"20\"
cellspacing=\"0\" border=\"0\"\
\|\'\'\'count\'\'\'\
\|An integer number denoting the number of documents pushed within this
POST request\
\|-\
\|\'\'\'synchronous\'\'\'\
\|Possible values are \'true\' and \'false\'. If synchronous=true, then
all documents within this POST request are written to the search index
before the servlet returns a http success code to the caller. If the
attribute is not present or synchronous=false, then the submitted
documents are written to a concurrent indexing job and processed
efficiently, scaling with the number of cores in the CPU of YaCys search
server; in this case the servlet returns a http success code
immediately.\
\|-\
\|\'\'\'commit\'\'\'\
\|Possible values are \'true\' and \'false\'. If commit=true, then a
Solr commit command is appended to the processing of synchronous
document writes. This will cause that documents, pushed with this
interface are immediately searchable right after the servlet returns a
http success code. The commit option is only useful, if also
synchronous=true; in case that synchronous=false and commit=true the
synchronous flag is switched to true as well.\
\|-\
\|}\
\
Also attached must be a set of \<count\> documents with their metadata.
The documents are numbered from 0 to \<count\>-1. This document number X
is used to name attribute field names for each of the documents. In the
following list, replace the character X with those numbers of the file:\
\
{\| style=\"color:black; background-color:\#efefef;\" cellpadding=\"20\"
cellspacing=\"0\" border=\"0\"\
\|\'\'\'url-X\'\'\'\
\|The URL which is used in a search result as link to the submitted
document.\
\|-\
\|\'\'\'data-X\'\'\'\
\|This is the binary data of the document.\
\|-\
\|\'\'\'collection-X\'\'\'\
\|A name for a collection which is assigned to the document. This can be
an arbitrary word or a comma-separated list of terms. These words will
be listed in the collection navigation for a search facet (if that facet
is switched on).\
\|-\
\|\'\'\'lastModified-X\'\'\'\
\|A date which is assigned to the document. The date format must be
according to \[RFC 1123 http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1123.txt\] like
\"EEE, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss Z" with a time zone indicator according to
\[RFC 5322 http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5322.txt\]\
\|-\
\|\'\'\'contentType-X\'\'\'\
\|The mime type of the document\
\|-\
\|}\
\
To make it easier to test this servlet, it is also possible to call the
API with GET. A typical call looks like:\
\
\<pre\>\
http://localhost:8090/api/push\_p.json?count=1&url-0=http://nowhere.cc/example.txt&data-0=hello%20world&lastModified-0=Tue,%2015%20Nov%201994%2012:45:26%20GMT&contentType-0=text/plain&collection-0=testpush\
\</pre\>\
\
Using a command-line script, you would call i.e. (using wget)\
\<pre\>\
wget -qO-
\"http://localhost:8090/api/push\_p.json?count=1&url-0=http://nowhere.cc/example.txt&data-0=hello%20world&lastModified-0=Tue,%2015%20Nov%201994%2012:45:26%20GMT&contentType-0=text/plain&collection-0=testpush"\
\</pre\>\
\
The servlet then returns a json result which explains how successful the
transmission was. A typical result looks like\
{\
\"count\":\"1\",\
\"successall\": \"true\",\
\"item-0\":{\
\"item\":\"0\",\
\"url\":\"http://nowhere.cc/example.txt\",\
\"success\": \"true\",\
\"message\":
\"http://localhost:8090/solr/select?q=sku:%22http://nowhere.cc/example.txt%22\"\
},\
\"countsuccess\":1,\
\"countfail\":0\
}\
The \"message\" attribute contains a link to a solr search result which
shows the pushed document in indexed metadata format.\
In case that a push is not successful, the \"success\" attribute turns
to \"false\" and the \"message\" field contains the reason for the
failure.\
\
\[\[Category: API\]\]

</div>
