Dev:YaCy-UI
===========

Date: 2014-06-24 13:15:10

corrected port 8080-\>8090

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 24. Juni 2014, 11:15 Uhr

Zeile 1:

Zeile 1:

 

<div>

= Overview =

</div>

 

<div>

= Overview =

</div>

−

<div>

YaCy-UI (http://localhost:~~8080~~/yacy/ui/) is going to be a rich
client for YaCy attempting to provide a new, more functional and easier
search interface. Unlike the current server based interface YaCy-UI
makes heavy use of jQuery, JavaScript, Ajax, XML and XSLT. This approach
offers some neat advantages, one example could be the integration of
sciencenet via opensearch. The overall idea is to integrate
functionallity on a modular basis (e.g. a webshot function could be
integrated by linking to another, even local web service without the
need to further extend YaCy\'s functionallity).

</div>

\+

<div>

YaCy-UI (http://localhost:[8090]{.underline}/yacy/ui/) is going to be a
rich client for YaCy attempting to provide a new, more functional and
easier search interface. Unlike the current server based interface
YaCy-UI makes heavy use of jQuery, JavaScript, Ajax, XML and XSLT. This
approach offers some neat advantages, one example could be the
integration of sciencenet via opensearch. The overall idea is to
integrate functionallity on a modular basis (e.g. a webshot function
could be integrated by linking to another, even local web service
without the need to further extend YaCy\'s functionallity).

</div>

 

<div>

= Change Log =

</div>

 

<div>

= Change Log =

</div>

 

<div>

\*19-04-2007: new double-accordion sidebar menu is up and running (I am
open for suggestions on how to populate the menus).

</div>

 

<div>

\*19-04-2007: new double-accordion sidebar menu is up and running (I am
open for suggestions on how to populate the menus).

</div>
