English • Re: Yacy on an Olinuxino board
========================================

Date: 2014-11-09 18:59:35

Hi,\
\
I finally had my board working for Yacy. As in many problems the issue
was not far from under my nose.\
\
The issue had nothing to do with the kernel version, the type of used
compilation (hard float or soft float, from what I have understood) or
Debian version (wheezy or jessie). In fact the problem was the Java
virtual machines that were available. Indeed a

> <div>
>
> \
> java -version\
>
> </div>

in console on my board would give

> <div>
>
> \
> OpenJDK Runtime Environment (IcedTea 2.5.3) (7u71-2.5.3-1+b1)\
> OpenJDK Zero VM (build 24.65-b04, mixed mode)\
>
> </div>

\
while my laptop gives\

> <div>
>
> \
> OpenJDK Runtime Environment (IcedTea 2.5.3) (7u71-2.5.3-1+b1)\
> OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM (build 24.65-b04, mixed mode)\
>
> </div>

\
\
Given the second line and the fact that Yay use a server, it could very
be the problem, and it proved to be it.\
\
So finally, the steps I followed to get it working (from a fresh Debian
install on an Olinuxino board):\
\#1 add Yacy to the sources.list file (cf Debian install from the wiki:
<http://www.yacy-websuche.de/wiki/index.php/En:DebianInstall>)\
\#2 apt-get update && apt-get install yacy (installing yacy will pull
openjdk-7-jre-headless, we shall replace the link in /usr/bin/, so we
have to do it before installing the Sun\'s package of Java)\
\#3 install the Sun\'s package of Java from their website, like
described on the wiki page for an install on a Raspberry Pi
(<http://www.yacy-websearch.net/wiki/index.php/En:Raspberry_Pi>). I
picked the 7.71 version of Java (filename as of today :
ejre-7u71-fcs-b14-linux-arm-vfp-hflt-client\_headless-26\_sep\_2014.tar.gz).
When making the symbolic link in \'/usr/bin/\', first move the binary
from openjdk. I do not know enough but I moved it so that I can put it
back easily if OpenJDK was needed again.\
\
A last note about starting from a previous index. I had an 8 Gb folder
from previous experiments of Yacy, and I could use it easily again, but
I was tricked in the first place by permissions. So do check that this
folder is owned by Yacy. This also implies a slightly slower start the
first time.\
\
I now run Yacy on a Olinuxino A13 board, which has only 256Mb of RAM. I
have put something like 2Gb of SWAP but it might completely irrelevent,
since it will write a lot on the SD card. I might tel you in a few
months if my set up has become slower, or if it is not sufficient to run
Yacy, or on the contrary if it is okay.\
\
Thanks you who answered me, and to Olimex who put me on the rigth track
by speaking of Java versions.\
\
I will ask to edit the wiki so that it is easier for other who would try
the same as I did.\
\
Cheers!

Statistik: Verfasst von
[layst](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9498)
--- So Nov 09, 2014 6:59 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
