English • Re: How to get YACY working as a proxy
================================================

Date: 2014-11-29 13:10:17

Hello,\
\

> <div>
>
> xioc752 hat geschrieben:\
> Thank you very kindly for your most interestingly detailed &
> educational reply.\
>
> </div>

I do my best, i hope my terrible englisch is not a big problem.\
\

> <div>
>
> xioc752 hat geschrieben:\
> I am concerned that the error was accidently - induced -, however, and
> not the result of an environmental problem.\
> It worked before.\
>
> </div>

Here i have an other opinion.\
The Code that decides between handling of incoming connections by Proxy
or by HTTP-Server is not configurable, it uses the YaCy-internal view
about your environment for its decision.\
This Code ask the question \"[Is this incoming connection for my
YaCy-Peer?]{style="font-style: italic"}\" and do test the Host-Field in
the HTTP-Request-Header of the incoming connection against the
YaCy-internal view about your environment. If the Code thinks the
requested Host-Name in the incoming HTTP-Connection means the Computer
on witch YaCy runs than the incoming connection is handled by the
HTTP-Server and in all other cases the incoming connection is handled by
the Proxy, independent from the Enable-State of the Proxy. As far as i
know, independent from all configuration. This decision depends only on
the YaCy-internal view about its environment and this internal View can
change over time. Some YaCy-Peers have a real problem by detecting all
IP-Addresses owned by the Computer and than it cannot correctly decide,
for all incoming connections on all IP-Addresses, that the connections
targets the YaCy-Peer itself. That means the 403-Error can depend on the
IP-Address entered into the Address-Line of your Browser, in cases you
use directly the IP-Address of the Computer where YaCy runs. The same
problem exist for Host-Names, if you access a YaCy-Peer on a Computer by
a textual Host-Name than the addressed YaCy-Peer must \"know\" that the
Host-Name is owned by its Computer. This Kind of Informations can never
be complete (there exist an
[in]{style="text-decoration: underline"}finite number of ways to
addressing a computer) and there exist always a gap in the YaCy-internal
view about its environment that trigger the 403-Error-Problem.\
\
The only real solution for this Problem is to split the HTTP-Server and
the Proxy to two independent TCP-Ports and removing the Decision-Code
for selection the \"[correct]{style="font-style: italic"}\" Service. A
short workaround for the meantime can be a change of the Decision-Code
for using always the HTTP-Server in cases there the Proxy is disabled
but this removes the Problem only for the People that do not use the
Proxy. Removing the entire Proxy completely can also be a solution,
because the usefulness of the Proxy-Crawler decreases by the increasing
of encryption in the Internet. In all ways, this must be done by the
developers of YaCy and not by the Users of YaCy.\
\
In this forum, we talk about this Problem for months. You are not the
first YaCy-User that observe that this Error-Message comes or goes
without any modification on the YaCy-Peer or the way to accessing it.\
\

> <div>
>
> xioc752 hat geschrieben:\
> The error comes, I believe, from a mistake I made in configuration of
> the proxy choices.\
>
> </div>

If you do not want to use the internal Proxy of the YaCy-Peer than
disable it, there is nothing else that you can do.\
\

> <div>
>
> xioc752 hat geschrieben:\
> Perhaps you could pm me, please?\
>
> </div>

In my opinion, there is nothing that i can do for you, sorry. I am not
one of the YaCy-Developers.\
\
Greetings\
Erik

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Erik\_S](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9480)
--- Sa Nov 29, 2014 1:10 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
