English • Re: Yacy on an Olinuxino board
========================================

Date: 2014-11-06 13:43:53

As promised, here is the relevant part of the email I had from Olimex (I
got it yesterday (5th November) in the morning):\

> <div>
>
> \
> Unfortunately, I don't see how Olimex can be of any help with the
> issue you are facing. If the creators of the Yacy server are unable to
> give instructions for installation under Debian 3.4.90+ then I would
> suggest that the default images provided by Olimex are compiled as
> armhf and Yacy seems to only work under armel distributions
> (especially since you probably used armel distribution for the RPi
> that ran Yacy successfully). Something more, since Yacy is written in
> java the platform also needs to be suitable for hard-float -- there
> are separate java distributions for soft-float and hard-float.\
> \
> Make sure you are using the proper java and the settings of yacy are
> set properly. If there is no java installed nothing would happen.\
> \
> To be more specific why RPi uses armel and OLinuXino armhf
> distributions -- there are hardware reasons for that -- the older
> ARMv6 processors had no support for hard float point; while the
> OLinuXino is ARMv7 and there is such support. The CPU in the Raspberry
> Pi implements the ARMv6 ISA (with VFP2) and is thus incompatible with
> the Debian armhf port baseline of ARMv7+VFP3 and ARM
> hardware-floating-point ports for other distributions, which all have
> the same baseline.\
> \
> The only ways out would be:\
> \
> 1. Find a similar program that works under Debian 3.4.90+ and armhf
> (hardware-floating) -- quite unlikely to find stable alternative to
> Yacy\
> \
> 2. Ask around the Yacy community to provide better armhf support\
> \
> 3. Compile an OLinuXino image with soft-float\
> \
> The 3.15 kernel support you saw is incomplete and it is created by an
> user. It is not an official release. The information might be found at
> this blog post: [http://olimex.wordpress.com/2014/06/30/ \...
> rnel-3-15/](http://olimex.wordpress.com/2014/06/30/a10-olinuxino-lime-open-source-hardware-linux-computer-now-in-kernel-3-15/){.postlink}
> We are updating the kernel in the official releases when it reaches a
> stable state. The progress for each kernel version might be found
> here: <http://linux-sunxi.org/Linux_Kernel>\
> \
> Best regards,\
> Lub/OLIMEX\
> \
> \-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\-\--\
> From: Bertrand HER\
> Sent: Saturday, November 01, 2014 4:56 PM\
> To: <support@olimex.com>\
> Subject: Support Question\
> \
> Hello,\
> \
> I write to you today about some issues I have with your boards. I
> have, at the moment, three of your boards: iMX233-MINI, A13 and
> A20-Lime2. I use the A13 as a server perfectly, and tried to use the
> iMX233 as a Yacy server. I could not achieve it, since the server kept
> on crashing before it even started. But this software run on a
> raspberryPi, which has better hardware spec than iMX233. Hence I tried
> to run Yacy on my A13, but it also failed. I then ordered a A20-Lime2
> to get rid f the hardware specs uncertainty, but Yacy just crash the
> same as on less powerful boards.\
> \
> I noticed that I could run Yacy on my laptop. Since my laptop has a
> kernel 3.14 and the raspbian distribution has a 3.12 kernel (whiile
> iMX233 is only 3.11) I wondered if it could be the cause.\
> \
> I opened a thread on the Yacy forums; it can be useful if you want
> some more details.\
> \
> Do you think it possible to deliver a Debian image based on kernel
> 3.12 or higher for the Lime2? I saw that you did a 3.15 kernel based
> image for A10-Lime, so I guess it would be possible (and easier, I am
> not used to compile kernels) for you to deliver it.\
>
> </div>

\
\
As I said before, I will not have much time to spend on this topic for a
few days at least, so for now I leave it the way it is. What I am
planning to do next:\
\* try to install the softwares from jessie repositories if possible: I
noticed that Yacy would not run on a fresh install of Debian Wheezy on
anthoer laptop, but would once getting upgrades from jessie repos. It
did not throw the same error, but make a try will not hurt.\
\* find or compile an Olinuxino image with armel instead of armhf.\
\
Once again, if I come to any relevant results, I shall let you know.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[layst](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9498)
--- Do Nov 06, 2014 1:43 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
