recent movies
=============

Date: 2014-10-27 08:28:10

**Third Person:** Well acted, but the schtick of \"Look at these
unrelated stories we\'re going to eventually tie together!\" is pretty
tired. I admit that I completely failed to notice the *surprise twist*
at the end, but then, I also didn\'t care. Every character in this movie
is a terrible person and I didn\'t care about any of them. Dear writers:
please stop writing about writers.

**Maps to the Stars:** It\'s Cronenberg, so it\'s creepy and well made,
but again, every single character in this movie is a terrible person and
I didn\'t care about any of them. Dear Hollywood celebrities: please
stop writing about Hollywood celebrities.

**Zero Theorem:** An autistic guy sits in his underwear playing
Minecraft on the set of *12 Monkeys* while extras from *The Fifth
Element* stop by to fuck with him. Nothing happens. Gilliam, what
happened to you?

**Mr. Peabody and Sherman:** I needed to get the bad aftertaste of those
last three out of my system, ok? This was actually a lot funnier than it
had any right to be. And it took a weirdly dark turn at one point with
talking-dog/human racial politics.

**John Wick:** This is fantastic! It\'s basically *Red* if it was
directed by John Woo. The fight scenes are great, and people actually
run out of bullets.

**The Great Martian War:** Apparently the Hitler Channel does low budget
SF now. It\'s cute, some of the effects are good.

**Appleseed Alpha:** I barely remember the first Appleseed, but I guess
this is a prequel? It blows up real good. The valley is getting less
uncanny. They ordered up most of the characters by calling Central
Casting and saying \"send us the Luc Besson kit.\" (Which is fine.)

**Life After Beth:** Aubrey Plaza is a zombie. If you\'re not sold by
that, I can\'t help you. It\'s pretty funny, using the *Shawn of the
Dead* formula of putting a screwball comedy in the middle of a
non-comedic zombie apocalypse.

**Constantine,** s01e01: I am utterly shocked to report that this
didn\'t suck. It\'s very pilot-y, in that it\'s full of exposition and
has too much tell-don\'t-show, but I think it\'s got potential. The
effects are great. Much zalgo, wow.

**Gotham,** s01e01-05: I\'ve watched the first few episodes of this even
though, as a police procedural, it\'s Against Policy (\"never watch
shows about doctors, lawyers or cops\") but it\'s mean-spirited enough
that it has sucked me in. Gordon is a hat-rack that walks, but Oswald
Cobblepot is *fantastic*.
