Kurze Durchsage des Uno-Sonderberichterstatters für \...
========================================================

Date: 2014-12-10 14:49:18

[Kurze Durchsage des Uno-Sonderberichterstatters für
Menschenrechte](http://www.ohchr.org/EN/NewsEvents/Pages/DisplayNews.aspx?NewsID=15397&LangID=E):

> It is now time to take action. The individuals responsible for the
> criminal conspiracy revealed in today's report must be brought to
> justice, and must face criminal penalties commensurate with the
> gravity of their crimes.
>
> The fact that the policies revealed in this report were authorised at
> a high level within the US Government provides no excuse whatsoever.
> Indeed, it reinforces the need for criminal accountability.
>
> **International law prohibits the granting of immunities to public
> officials who have engaged in acts of torture. This applies not only
> to the actual perpetrators but also to those senior officials within
> the US Government who devised, planned and authorised these crimes.**
>
> As a matter of international law, the US is legally obliged to bring
> those responsible to justice. The UN Convention Against Torture and
> the UN Convention on Enforced Disappearances require States to
> prosecute acts of torture and enforced disappearance where there is
> sufficient evidence to provide a reasonable prospect of conviction.
> States are not free to maintain or permit impunity for these grave
> crimes.
>
> **It is no defence for a public official to claim that they were
> acting on superior orders. CIA officers who physically committed acts
> of torture therefore bear individual criminal responsibility for their
> conduct, and cannot hide behind the authorisation they were given by
> their superiors.**
>
> However, the heaviest penalties should be reserved for those most
> seriously implicated in the planning and purported authorisation of
> these crimes.

Wow! Der nimmt keine Gefangenen! Aber wartet, der Klopper kommt erst
noch!

> **Torture is a crime of universal jurisdiction. The perpetrators may
> be prosecuted by any other country they may travel to.** However, the
> primary responsibility for bringing them to justice rests with the US
> Department of Justice and the Attorney General."
