English • Re: Demo portal has got too many connections
======================================================

Date: 2014-10-16 17:37:18

> <div>
>
> Erik\_S hat geschrieben:\
> Hello,\
> \
>
> > <div>
> >
> > smokingwheels hat geschrieben:But I could pick on your URL with my
> > robot and down the YaCy Senior network\
> >
> > </div>
>
> Yes, that is true. You can also enhance your robot with its own
> YaCy-Network-Tracker (this is lesser than 2000 Lines of C-Code), this
> kind of problem is independent of my Service.\
> The only way to make YaCy \"bullet proof\" is to make it much bigger
> (more than 100\'000 Peers, for just saying a number). Okay, there are
> a lot of problems and weaknesses in the
> Peer-to-Peer-Network-Managment-Logic inside the YaCy-Code, this makes
> it difficult. In my opinion, the current existing YaCy can not benefit
> enough from a growing number of peers.\
> \
>
> > <div>
> >
> > smokingwheels hat geschrieben:\
> > you never have to Submit anything\
> >
> > </div>
>
> I have offered my help multiple times in the last 6 weeks, but without
> any kind of reaction.\
> \
> Greetings\
> Erik
>
> </div>

\
\
Well, might be a load balancing function should be implemented into
YaCy? Until then the iFrame Balancer which Erik\_S is a really nice
alternative!\
If my peer has too many connections, why does the frontend get killed?
(not to speak about the backend which does the hobo as well)\
\
If my peer has too many connection it means that my YaCy has too many
connections - right? Not necessarily my server.\
If YaCy would provide a list with available connections along with the
node list, my peer could forward the query to an other peer and display
the results (with a note that this happened). -\> [decouple the
frontend!!]{style="font-weight: bold"}\
A query could take along a counter of hops (numbers of unsuccessfully
connected peers). If a query had too many hops, it is delayed and
reinvoked after a certain time. After x tries the query gets deleted and
the user a message:\
[\"Sorry. The YaCy network is too busy. Please try again in a
second\...\
-\> Download and run your own YaCy Server and help to expand the
network!\" \<-]{style="font-weight: bold"}\
\
My idea does certainly not take all implemented features of YaCy into
account. But i simply can´t understand why the frontend goes down if my
YaCy has too much to do. The frontend should be able to find atlast one
working peer which can deliver some data\...

Statistik: Verfasst von
[tinkerphone](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9492)
--- Do Okt 16, 2014 4:37 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
