Fragen und Antworten • Re: Stable YaCy
======================================

Date: 2014-01-09 20:22:09

Hi!\

> <div>
>
> davidk hat geschrieben:\
> I wonder if anyone have got YaCy to run stable? With stable I mean
> days / weeks without problems, and that YaCy are down only when it is
> shut down.\
>
> </div>

\
If you have yacy up and running, you can browse to: Administration /
Yacy Network / [Active
peers](http://localhost:8090/Network.html?page=1&maxCount=1000){.postlink}
and then look at the uptime column to find out for how long the active
peers are running. One seems to be online since 163 days. I think there
was once a peer up for over a year, without downtime.\
\

> <div>
>
> davidk hat geschrieben:\
> If so, what kind of environment have it run in? Linux, Mac or
> Windows?\
>
> </div>

\
In my opinion, it runs very well under linux. I\'m using the mint distro
for my own yacy. <http://www.linuxmint.com/>\
\

> <div>
>
> davidk hat geschrieben:\
> What version of java (eg Open JDK / Java SE).\
>
> </div>

\
I don\'t know. Some people say Java SE is faster, but I\'m using
Openjdk, because it\'s open source and it\'s preinstalled in linux
mint.\
\

> <div>
>
> davidk hat geschrieben:\
> What kind of memory specs on the machine? And what kind of memory
> changes from the default setup have you done to java?\
>
> </div>

\
16 GB RAM installed in my computer, and in the performance settings of
yacy I have set 8 GB. (The bigger your index gets, the more RAM it
needs. As far as I know, with 15 GB of RAM you should be able to
maintain an index with around 50 millions of links, but it also depends
on other factors. However, If yacy runs out of RAM, it will crash and
you probably wont be able to start it up anymore.)

Statistik: Verfasst von
[David](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8887)
--- Do Jan 09, 2014 8:22 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
