English • Re: Demo portal has got too many connections
======================================================

Date: 2014-10-17 01:30:17

> <div>
>
> smokingwheels hat geschrieben:\
>
> > <div>
> >
> > Erik\_S hat geschrieben:Hello,\
> > \
> > Showing a random selected YaCy-Peer is a powerful demonstration of
> > the concept [distributed]{style="font-style: italic"}.\
> > After heavily testing <http://130.255.73.69:5353/forward?random> i
> > can say there are no problems, except a few 403-Errors from some
> > YaCy-Peers but liable for this are the YaCy-Developers.\
> > Okay, some of the Peers are slow but if this is really a problem i
> > can add a test for the response-time and accept only fast peers for
> > the internal Random-List.\
> > And my Random-List is very up to date, all IP-Addresses are positive
> > tested within the last 30 seconds.\
> > Greetings\
> > Erik\
> >
> > </div>
>
> \
> \
> Erik,\
> But I could pick on your URL with my robot and down the YaCy Senior
> network\...not that I would ever do that with out permission to
> execute. When Yacy is bullet proof I may support your thinking. I have
> 67 bug reports that I have found some have been fixed but YaCy is not
> a Google replacement it has lots of options and you never have to
> Submit anything.
>
> </div>

\
\
What about creating a web hop for your url at
<http://freedns.afraid.org> just an idea.\
\
\

> <div>
>
> tinkerphone hat geschrieben:\
> Well, might be a load balancing function should be implemented into
> YaCy? Until then the iFrame Balancer which Erik\_S is a really nice
> alternative!\
> If my peer has too many connections, why does the frontend get killed?
> (not to speak about the backend which does the hobo as well)\
> \
> [-\> Download and run your own YaCy Server and help to expand the
> network!\" \<-]{style="font-weight: bold"}\
> \
> My idea does certainly not take all implemented features of YaCy into
> account. But i simply can´t understand why the frontend goes down if
> my YaCy has too much to do. The frontend should be able to find atlast
> one working peer which can deliver some data\...\
>
> </div>

\
\
Tinkerphone you can increase the log file length as per
<http://mantis.tokeek.de/view.php?id=353> to see whats going on with
your peer if it crashes a lot. I add a extra 0 to the length setting
this seems to work well.\
\
Erik\_S\
I had a look at my youtube Analytics and only 55% of my views come from
a PC the rest was mobile phone, Tablet, Game Console and TV. Maybe YaCy
in being accessed by devices other than a PC who knows.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[smokingwheels](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8994)
--- Fr Okt 17, 2014 12:30 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
