English • Re: Improving ranking using neural networks and genetic algo
======================================================================

Date: 2014-03-01 13:09:26

> <div>
>
> biolizard89 hat geschrieben:\
> I have one question about the ranking. I see there are two ranking
> mechanisms, SOLR and RWI. The documentation states that some items in
> the index only have RWI data available, but it\'s not clear to me what
> circumstances that occurs under. Is that just because some network
> nodes are on old YaCy versions that don\'t use SOLR internally? Or is
> there some other circumstance under which a search result will only
> have RWI data?\
>
> </div>

\
The RWIs are the data structure which is used to distribute the index.
Its not \'old\' becuase it was there first before Solr came into the
architecture, it\'s still \'the\' solution to the problem of distributed
search (using the \'partition by word\' approach). RWIs work only
together with a metadata storage and thats what was replaced by Solr;
Solr acts now in two roles: the metadata store for the RWIs and the
search index for the \'Appliance Mode\'. If YaCy runs without P2P, then
only Solr is filled and Solr is the only place where things are
searched. Furthermore, Solr is also used as Index when doing P2P search;
its results are mixed to the distributed search results.\
\
I made a picture of the Architecture:\
Ranking.png\
Maybe I should do an explanation video for that. Because it\'s even a
bit more complex, the index verification process (realtime loading of
remote search result documents) is not shown in there.\
\

> <div>
>
> biolizard89 hat geschrieben:\
> Regarding Seeks, there are a few reasons why I chose not to include it
> in my proposal (I\'m familiar with it). It doesn\'t seem to be
> actively maintained and installation on current OS versions is
> extremely difficult (or at least completely undocumented).\
>
> </div>

\
I\'m afraid that this is true. But nevertheless Seeks should be
mentioned since they made an interesting approach to the problem of
distributed voting of search results.\
\

> <div>
>
> biolizard89 hat geschrieben:\
> I noticed that there are \"bookmark\"/\"recommend\"/\"delete\" icons
> next to each search result; is this the upvote/downvote mechanism
> you\'re talking about or is there something else I\'ve missed? I
> haven\'t found any documentation on what those three icons currently
> do, is there documentation available for them that I\'ve missed?\
>
> </div>

\
Yes. A click on the bookmark icon makes (obviously) a bookmark. A click
on \'recommend\' creates an upvote message, a click on delete deletes
the link and creates a downvote message. These messages are part of
peer-ping payloads; it will be distributed for some time in your peer
seed. You can see these messages in /News.html?page=1 and the evaluation
of up/downvotes influence the content of the page /Surftips.html where
not only votes but also other urls are shown (i.e. public crawl starts
and home pages of the online peers as entered in /ConfigProfile\_p.html\
\
If you want to do some experiements then these functions may be a good
playground and open to changes if you like.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Orbiter](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=2)
--- Sa Mär 01, 2014 1:09 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
