Mitmachen • Re: Raspberry Pi
============================

Date: 2014-01-25 03:26:38

I\'m having an odd problem with the 1.67 versions that I never had with
the 1.66 versions. I\'m getting password errors all the time. Even when
I use the /yacy/bin/passwd.sh command, when I try to log in later my
password wont working. Every once in a while if I reset it\... I can log
in to the admin panel [once]{style="font-weight: bold"}, but after I
change anything it asks me to log back in and the same login/pass wont
work. I\'ve tried everything, even manually editing the yacy.conf file
and encoding my own base64 md5 hash.\
\
This makes me feel like a complete idiot. can someone explain what I\'m
messing up?\
\
For some updates.\
Embedded JDK8 wont work at all since -server only works with ARMv7.\
Embedded JDK7 works fine and I\'m noticing some performance improvements
over v6. Want to do more testing to just see if what I\'m seeing is a
fluke.\
ME 3.3 and ME8 will not work at all for us, sadly. This would have given
us the biggest performance boost possible.\
\
The reason i went with Puppy Linux over Rasbian is becuase I have the
most experience for being able to get the most performance out of it.
While i have some experience with tweaking Debian itself, I\'m more
familiar with modifying sources for performance. In the end I will use
whatever is the best performing solution. If that ends up to be Rasbian
or SlackwareARM\... so be it. I dont care what OS we end up using, just
as long as it provides the best user experience.\
\
Yes, Java is the main performance barrier for us. So by working to give
Java as much of the hardware as possible, we can get better performance
out of it. As I said before, our biggest issue is the CPU barrier. Mild
overclocking will give us some leeway, I\'m curious to see if
overclocking from 800 to 900 will help us out anymore. I\'ve been
running Yacy on a RPi for a few months now with only a few crashes,
mostly I believe due to my own errors. I wouldn\'t have ever started the
Kickstarter if I didnt believe it could be improved further. I believe
with further refinement and carefully working out what the best YaCy
settings are, that it will work well for more users in most situations.
I own a BeagleBone Black, but I haven\'t felt there\'s much of a benefit
over the RPi. There are several reasons I dont want to focus on
something like a CubieTruck. 1) Less people have them, so producing an
image will not be helpful to many people, the RPi community is huge, and
as a result there are millions of them out there. So there are more
people that can benefit from YaCy on the RPi. I know people that bought
them just to play around with every few months. If those people run YaCy
when it would normally be sitting on the desk collecting dust\... it
helps the YaCy network. 2) Cost, the cubietruck costs twice the amount,
the RPi is in the perfect price range for what is for most people\... a
fun toy. People are less willing to spend 80\$ on a device they really
wont do much with. If I wanted a perfect performing system\... we could
just sell laptops with yacy installed. But the point is to keep things
as cheap as possible. Since RPi\'s are so cheap, tons of people have
them. While I\'d be nice to run use something like a cubietruck or the
Odroid3, cost becomes the issue. People are not going to want to spend
100\$ or more to run a program that they could just run on their own OS
and get better performance. Because the RPi is cheap, people understand
there is a performance limit.\
\
fherb, what do you think of the Odroid-U3 compared to the cubietruck?
[http://hardkernel.com/main/products/prd \...
8733896281](http://hardkernel.com/main/products/prdt_info.php?g_code=G138733896281){.postlink}\
\
\
I am currently testing out to see how much of a performance benefit
HardFloat gives us over SoftFloat.\
\
Michael, you have any scripts for diagnosing the reasons for when YaCy
crashes? I\'m looking in the logs and seeing absolutely nothing. It\'s
almost as if JAVA itself is crashing, and thats why YaCy logs just end
abruptly. So I\'m unable to diagnose whats causing the problem.\
EDIT: disregard that last question. I was testing the archarm release
and was able to able to track down the issue to be systemd killing java
via OOM.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[q5sys](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9339)
--- Sa Jan 25, 2014 3:26 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
