Dev:APIpush
===========

Date: 2014-06-26 13:16:24

[Call Attributes: ]{.autocomment} changed post attribut architecture and
added media file metadata options

← Nächstältere Version

Version vom 26. Juni 2014, 11:16 Uhr

Zeile 29:

Zeile 29:

 

<div>

\|A name for a collection which is assigned to the document. This can be
an arbitrary word or a comma-separated list of terms. These words will
be listed in the collection navigation for a search facet (if that facet
is switched on).

</div>

 

<div>

\|A name for a collection which is assigned to the document. This can be
an arbitrary word or a comma-separated list of terms. These words will
be listed in the collection navigation for a search facet (if that facet
is switched on).

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

−

<div>

\|\'\'\'~~lastModified~~-X\'\'\'

</div>

\+

<div>

\|\'\'\'[responseHeader]{.underline}-X\'\'\'

</div>

−

<div>

\|A ~~date which is assigned to the document~~. ~~The date format must~~
be ~~according~~ to ~~\[http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1123.txt RFC 1123\]
like \"EEE, dd MMM yyyy HH:mm:ss Z" with a time zone indicator
according~~ to ~~\[http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5322~~.~~txt RFC 5322\]~~

</div>

\+

<div>

\|A [HTTP response header line]{.underline}. [This can]{.underline} be
[used]{.underline} to [submit all kinds of metadata which YaCy is
able]{.underline} to [process]{.underline}.

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

−

<div>

\|\'\'\'~~contentType~~-X\'\'\'

</div>

\+

<div>

\|[}]{.underline}

</div>

−

<div>

\|The mime type of the document

</div>

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[You should submit the]{.underline} \'[\'Content-Type\'\'
and]{.underline} \'\'[Last-Modified\'\' header fields using the
\'\'responseHeader]{.underline}-X[\'\' post attribute. This would look
like this:]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[{\| style=\"color:black; background-color:\#efefef;\"
cellpadding=\"20\" cellspacing=\"0\" border=\"0\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|\'\'\'responseHeader-X=Last-Modified:\<Last-Modified-String\>]{.underline}\'\'\'

</div>

 

\+

<div>

\|The [\<Last-Modified-String\> is date which is assigned to the
document. The date format must be according to
\[http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1123.txt RFC 1123\] like \"EEE, dd MMM yyyy
HH:mm:ss Z" with a time zone indicator according to
\[http://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5322.txt RFC 5322\]]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|\'\'\'responseHeader-X=Content-Type:\<Content-Type-String\>\'\'\']{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|The \<Content-Type-String\> is]{.underline} mime type of the
document[.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|}]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[Because media-type documents do not have a textual component which can
be used for searching, it is possible to attach the title]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[and keywords to the media document as well. To do this, the extra-http
header fields \'\'X-YaCy-Media-Title\'\' and
\'\'X-YaCy-Media-Keywords\'\' can be used.]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

 

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[{\| style=\"color:black; background-color:\#efefef;\"
cellpadding=\"20\" cellspacing=\"0\" border=\"0\"]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|\'\'\'responseHeader-X=X-YaCy-Media-Title:\<Title\>\'\'\']{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|The \<Title\> will be used as document title]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|-]{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|\'\'\'responseHeader-X=X-YaCy-Media-Keywords:\<Keywords\>\'\'\']{.underline}

</div>

 

\+

<div>

[\|\<Keywords\> is a list of keywords, separated by space
characters.]{.underline}

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|-

</div>

 

<div>

\|}

</div>

 

<div>

\|}

</div>
