recent movies
=============

Date: 2014-04-19 04:34:21

**[The Institute:](http://www.theinstitutemovie.com/)** A documentary
about the Jejune Institute, a bizarre prank or sort-of
alternative-reality game that ran for a few years in SF. It starts off
with interviews of some befuddled participants, then a little bit with
the people who were running it, and then it takes a left turn into
something that seems *real* and at that point I lost track of whether I
was watching a documentary or a complete work of fiction. I\'m still not
entirely sure. But it\'s amazing.

**Captain America, Winter Soldier:** It\'s basically a long episode of
*Agents of SHIELD*, but I was entertained. It\'s not as good as *The
Avengers,* but it exceeded my expectations. (I thought the first
*Captain America* was pretty lousy, for reference.)

**About Time:** It\'s a time travel movie where nobody is killed and
nobody tries to fix anything more complicated than \"get the girl\".
It\'s the *Say Anything* of *Groundhog Day*s. It\'s cute.

**The Returned:** There had been a zombie apocalypse or two, and then
they developed a cure that could reverse zombification if administered
early \-- but you have to take it every day or you start eating brains.
Then supplies start running low of the medicine and everybody betrays
everybody. Pretty well done.

**Young Justice:** not a movie, but two seasons of a cartoon series
about Justice League sidekicks. The plots is pretty solid.

I\'m not gonna even list the other 35+ movies I\'ve seen since my last
post because they pretty much sucked.

[Previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2008/10/weird-mail/).
