This analysis of \"Too Many Cooks\" is much more entertaining than the video itself.
====================================================================================

Date: 2014-11-13 03:21:18

::: {style="width: 65%; max-width: 640px; white-space: nowrap; margin: auto; float: right; clear: right;"}
:::

[Todd Alcott: What Does the Protagonist
Want?](http://www.toddalcott.com/too-many-cooks-an-analysis.html)

> Having now expanded and folded in on itself, *\"Too Many Cooks\"*
> takes its concept to the next level: it expands into other genres. In
> its fourth iteration, it\'s suddenly now a cop show, with a mismatched
> cop-buddy team, both named Cook, cleaning up the mean streets of the
> city. The theme song shifts tone lyrically but not tonally, it still
> burbles happily along as it expands to include the antics of
> protecting the city. We see the lady cop take down a stereotypical TV
> mugger, and he gets his own grinning freeze-frame, reminding us that,
> even though the context has changed, the rules of the show have not: a
> character, even a criminal, should still be happy to see the viewer
> catch him at his most embarrassing moment. (IMDb identifies the
> criminal as \"D.C. \'Fingers\' Cook,\" indicating that the lady cap
> has actually just arrested a member of her own family. The Cook
> family, it seems, is large enough to include both lawmen and
> rule-breakers, and they police their own.) \[\...\]
>
> This is Bill\'s apotheosis, his goal from the beginning: to wipe out
> the Cooks and take over their show. Like John Doe in *Seven*, Bill
> envies the middle-class drudgery of the Cook family, envies and
> despises it, and, as the tenth iteration winds to a close, we see him
> literally feasting on the characters\' bodies, drenched in blood.

[Previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2012/12/superheroes-and-the-protagonist-problem/).
