recent movies
=============

Date: 2014-12-01 23:50:56

**Witching and Bitching:** This movie was all over the map, but pretty
amusing. It starts off as an idiot-heist movie with angry relationship
whining, then takes a left turn into Gonzo *Evil Dead* Land with a
splash of *Suspiria*.

**Franklyn:** It starts off as a cartoony world where everyone is
required to be registered with a micro-religion (\"Seventh Day
Manicurists\" is one that I remember) where Athiest Rorschach is about
to assassinate someone, then it does a needle-scratch and it\'s a movie
about a psychotic performance artist trying to annoy her mom. Both of
those movies are pretty good, and when they finally merge, it works out
reasonably well.

**Predestination:** This is a great little time-cop movie. I was about
halfway through it when I realized, \"Oh shit, this is an adaptation of
*\[SPOILER\]!*\" It was a solid adaptation, as far as I can remember,
though I haven\'t read it since I was a kid. When I got to the end, I
started it over to see how it connected. That\'s a good sign.

**Dawn of the Planet of the Apes:** This was decent, though without any
surprises. It has the common plot of, \"it only takes one asshole to
fuck things up for everybody.\" My only \"WTF\" moment was when, after
demonstrating that the apes are efficient, organized, stealthy hunters,
they abandon all semblance of tactics and just run down Montgomery
Street screaming. But, they *were* being led by a moron by then, so
maybe that deserves a pass.

**Guardians of the Galaxy:** I watched this again, and it\'s still
awesome. Why can\'t they just file the serial numbers off of this and
call it the new Star Wars movie? Seriously, make him Darth Ronan, make
the Infinity Gem be the Kaiburr Crystal, re-skin the Nova Corps ships as
X Wings, and boom, you\'re done.

**Automata:** Antonio Banderas is really sad and chases robots, on what
I\'m pretty sure is the set of *Cherry 2000*. I\'ve already forgotten
it.

**Another Me:** Girl haunted by her doppelgänger, or maybe just
schizophrenic. It wasn\'t bad.

**Everywhen:** If you were wondering whether Norway also has irritating
douche-bros, the answer is yes. I wanted to smack every part of this
movie. I think the author\'s deep reading of *The Matrix* was \"guns are
cool.\"

\
Let me emphasize that I only watched the following because I had already
watched *literally everything else in the world:*

**Sin City 2:** It\'s pretty, and nasty and hateful, but so was the
first one, and this one adds nothing.

**Dark Skies:** Ghosts or aliens or alien ghosts or something. It was
adequate to fall asleep to.

**Open Windows:** I thought this was going to be another ham-handed
rehash of *Rear Window* but instead it was a ham-handed rehash of *Body
Double*. Why would you even bother ripping off *Body Double??* Brian De
Palma is one of the most epic hacks in all of film! Who wants to emulate
him?? Ick, ick, ick. I think I just watched someone play the worst, most
boring video game ever.

**The Maze Runner:** Utterly mediocre Mary-Sue Every-boy saves\... not
his friends. Let\'s say, \"some bipedal props\". They managed to ensure
that not a single person in the movie had even the slightest hint of
personality or backstory by *giving them all amnesia*. Without that they
might have needed *names!* I imagine the three lines of dialog along the
lines of, \"that\'s the cool kids\' table, and those are the jocks\" was
fleshed out to 500 pages in the book. Then they send in
utterly-bland-Smurfette to deliver a single line of exposition. You
know. For the ladies. Whoever wrote this thought that robot
velociraptors and Spanish moss are the scariest things in the world.
And, wow, for a Depopulated Nuclear Tatooine Hellscape (oops,
*spoiler*), they sure managed to pour a whole lot of concrete for no
reason that was *ever even remotely explained*. I think I just watched
someone play the worst, most boring video game ever.
