Mitmachen • Re: Raspberry Pi
============================

Date: 2014-02-10 01:24:50

New Image. This one is based on Arch-Arm. We may make a puppy version of
Arch Arm\... but we are debating if there\'s really any purpose. Arch is
designed from the ground up to be minimal, so making a puppy version
based on it probably wouldnt give us any better performance. This
release is substantially faster than the puppy version based on debian
we were using before.\
\
<http://q5sys.info/yacy/ArchYacy2.img.xz>\
<http://q5sys.info/yacy/ArchYacy2.img.xz.md5>\
\
This is a 4gb USB image. To use it\... use dd like always to burn it to
a 4gb usb stick. Stick it in the lower USB port on the RPi.\
To boot from the USB\... open your SD card and edit the cmdline.txt so
that \"root=/dev/mmcblk0p2\" is changed to \"root=/dev/sda5\"\
\
The reason we did this is: 1) Faster Boots, 2) Ability to run Swap on
the USB drive so we dont run into memory issues as fast, 3) Faster
writes while the system is running.\
\
You \'may\' be able to dd this directly to a SD card and boot, but the
swap will not work. I\'ve created a systemd service file to auto load
the swap partition at boot prior to YaCy loading. And it is hard coded
to expect the swap partition to be /dev/sd\* and not on /dev/mmcblk0p\*
So if you want to do this\... you will need to edit
/usr/lib/systemd/script/startup.sh and change \"swapon /dev/sda3\" to
\"swapon /dev/mmcblk0p3\"\
\
SSH password is \'root\', YaCy password is also \'root\', but I\'m
running into the same problem I had before of it not working after being
able to log in with it once.\
[Do not try to update the system with
Pacman!]{style="text-decoration: underline"}\
\
\
fherb,\
The A10 looks interesting. I might have to get one to do some testing. I
got my Odroid-U3 in the mail on Friday. That machine has some power. I
wish there were other suppliers for it though, but it definitely is a
very strong little device for designing network appliances on. I\'m
considering buying a few more next month.\
\
\
Orbiter, 3 things. 1) Any idea when the AUTH mech will be completed? 2)
Awesome interview on LAS today. I\'m so happy you were able to do the
interview.\
3) I\'ve noticed the following in my logs and I dont know if its
something you\'ve ever seen before. When it happens, which is rare; it
continues to happen every 5 minutes in the logs until a shutdown.\

Code: 
:   `E 2014/02/04 15:31:39 org.apache.solr.util.ConcurrentLRUCache ConcurrentLRUCache was not destroyed prior to finalize(), indicates a bug -- POSSIBLE RESOURCE LEAK!!!E 2014/02/04 15:31:39 org.apache.solr.util.ConcurrentLRUCache ConcurrentLRUCache was not destroyed prior to finalize(), indicates a bug -- POSSIBLE RESOURCE LEAK!!!E 2014/02/04 15:31:39 org.apache.solr.util.ConcurrentLRUCache ConcurrentLRUCache was not destroyed prior to finalize(), indicates a bug -- POSSIBLE RESOURCE LEAK!!!E 2014/02/04 15:31:39 org.apache.solr.util.ConcurrentLRUCache ConcurrentLRUCache was not destroyed prior to finalize(), indicates a bug -- POSSIBLE RESOURCE LEAK!!!D 2014/02/04 15:31:39 net.yacy.upnp.messages.ActionMessage POST prepared for URL http://192.168.0.1:65535/ctl/IPConnI 2014/02/04 15:31:39 YACY rulebasedUpdateInfo: not an automatic update selectedI 2014/02/04 15:31:39 RESOURCE OBSERVER resources okE 2014/02/04 15:31:39 org.apache.solr.core.SolrCore java.lang.IllegalStateException: this writer hit an OutOfMemoryError; cannot commit   at org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter.prepareCommitInternal(IndexWriter.java:2793)   at org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter.commitInternal(IndexWriter.java:2970)   at org.apache.lucene.index.IndexWriter.commit(IndexWriter.java:2940)   at org.apache.solr.update.DirectUpdateHandler2.commit(DirectUpdateHandler2.java:559)   at org.apache.solr.update.processor.RunUpdateProcessor.processCommit(RunUpdateProcessorFactory.java:95)   at org.apache.solr.update.processor.UpdateRequestProcessor.processCommit(UpdateRequestProcessor.java:64)   at org.apache.solr.update.processor.DistributedUpdateProcessor.doLocalCommit(DistributedUpdateProcessor.java:1274)   at org.apache.solr.update.processor.DistributedUpdateProcessor.processCommit(DistributedUpdateProcessor.java:1253)   at org.apache.solr.handler.RequestHandlerUtils.handleCommit(RequestHandlerUtils.java:69)   at org.apache.solr.handler.ContentStreamHandlerBase.handleRequestBody(ContentStreamHandlerBase.java:68)   at org.apache.solr.handler.RequestHandlerBase.handleRequest(RequestHandlerBase.java:135)   at org.apache.solr.core.SolrCore.execute(SolrCore.java:1859)   at org.apache.solr.client.solrj.embedded.EmbeddedSolrServer.request(EmbeddedSolrServer.java:150)   at org.apache.solr.client.solrj.request.AbstractUpdateRequest.process(AbstractUpdateRequest.java:117)   at org.apache.solr.client.solrj.SolrServer.commit(SolrServer.java:179)`

\
\
I have not seen that before in tests. I did some searching and found:
After reading: [http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1764 \...
s-not-grow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17641584/apache-solr-4-after-1st-commit-the-index-does-not-grow){.postlink}
Where is the setting so I can try lowering that value to see if I can
find one that works? I\'m not getting this error until the device has
been online for about a week. So I\'m not sure if there\'s a slow memory
leak somewhere, or if its something else.\
System that gave me that error had the following settings:\
xms and xmx @ 120mb\
System has 4gb of swap on seperate USB drive\
vm.min\_free\_kbytes=8192\
vm.vfs\_cache\_pressure = 300\
vm.swappiness=60\
vm.overcommit\_memory=295

Statistik: Verfasst von
[q5sys](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9339)
--- Mo Feb 10, 2014 1:24 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
