Google seems to have broken email forwarding
============================================

Date: 2015-03-04 04:18:06

Basically: I\'m finding it impossible to reliably convince Google that
email from my employees, to my employees, is not spam.

I run my own mail server, but most of my employees use Gmail. So I have
forwarding set up: employee\@dnalounge.com simply forwards to
employee\@gmail.com. When sending mail using their Gmail account, they
set their From line to employee\@dnalounge.com. (Google lets you do this
if you jump through some hoops to verify that you can actually receive
mail at that account.)

So when one of them mails another, the mail goes from their phone up to
Google\'s SMTP server, with \"From: A\@dnalounge.com, To:
B\@dnalounge.com\". That hits the dnalounge.com MX (my machine) and is
forwarded back to \"B\@gmail.com\" \-- where it then ends up in B\'s
spam folder, because Google (maybe?) thinks it\'s a \"forgery\".

I have proper DMARC and DKIM records (\"dig TXT
mail.\_domainkey.dnalounge.com; dig TXT \_domainkey.dnalounge.com\").
TLS is configured properly. I have SPF set to \"v=spf1 a mx ptr \~all\"
(since I do, in fact, want my employees to be able to originate their
mail on their ISP\'s servers.)

What do I have to do to make Google stop fucking me?

Allowing Google to host the dnalounge.com domain is not an acceptable
answer. Not having \"\@dnalounge.com\" in the From and To fields is not
an acceptable answer.

Forcing all of my employees to use my own IMAP server instead of Gmail
would be a moderately terrible answer.
