Hilfe für Einsteiger und Anwender • Re: yacybot indexing my own data?
=====================================================================

Date: 2015-04-22 16:42:50

> <div>
>
> LA\_FORGE hat geschrieben:\
> These addresses are used as an yacy-internal identifier and are not
> resolvable/reachable on the internet.\
>
> </div>

\
\
However, they do uniquely identify a host within yacy network, right? So
what I\'m trying to understand is what are those hosts trying to do, and
this does not necessarily mean I\'m suspecting of someone\'s bad
behaviour. I would just like to understand it, maybe know which yacy
functionality from other peer results in those kind of connections. If I
want to customize modsecurity, I have to make sure I know which are the
good connections, which aren\'t. Just that.\
\

> <div>
>
> LA\_FORGE hat geschrieben:\
> I\`m working as an security engineer and I\'m participating over 6
> years in the YaCy Community. I\`m able to assure that YaCy doesn\'t
> have any spy or phonehome features built in. When you sceptical about
> your security I recommend to install an intrusion detection system
> such as Snort.\
>
> </div>

\
\
By no means was I sugesting the existence of such features in yacy. My
line of thought goes more in the direction of realizing which tweaks I
need to do either in my yacy peer and modsecurity.\
I\'m very glad to hear that you and others are working on to improve
yacy even more, and security, those days, is certainly an area that
deserves attention.\
Please take note that I\'m a strong believer of yacy and it\'s not for
other reason that I\'m running 24 x 7, for more than six months now, my
own peer in senior mode.\
Finally, thanks for the tip on Snort. I didn\'t know that tool and will
consider using it.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[oneaty](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8876)
--- Mi Apr 22, 2015 3:42 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
