Es geht voran mit dem Russlandfeldzug!The US will deploy \...
=============================================================

Date: 2015-06-26 15:25:56

[Es geht voran mit dem
Russlandfeldzug](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-06-24/us-to-deploy-heavy-weapons-on-nato-eastern-flank/6568698)!

> The US will deploy heavy weapons in central and eastern Europe for the
> first time, Washington says, in the midst of the worst standoff
> between Russia and the West since the Cold War, triggered by the
> crisis in Ukraine.

Das muss ich mal praktisch in Gänze zitieren, weil es so krass ist.

> \"We will temporarily stage one armoured brigade combat team\'s
> vehicles and associated equipment in countries in central and eastern
> Europe,\" US defence secretary Ashton Carter said at a joint press
> conference with three Baltic defence ministers on the eve of NATO
> ministerial talks.

Wieviel ist denn eine Brigade? [Wikipedia klärt
auf](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brigade):

> The typical NATO standard brigade consists of approximately 3,200 to
> 5,500 troops.

Armoured brigade heißt mit gepanzerten Fahrzeugen. Was denn so?

> \"This pre-positioned European activity set includes tanks, infantry
> fighting vehicles, artillery,\" he said, adding that Estonia,
> Lithuania, Latvia, Bulgaria, Romania and Poland had \"agreed to host
> company- to battalion-sized elements of this equipment\" which would
> be \"moved around the region for training and exercises\".

Eine Kompanie sind so 80-250 Soldaten, ein Bataillon sind 300-800
Soldaten.

> **\"While we do not seek a cold, let alone a hot war with Russia, we
> will defend our allies,\" Mr Carter said**.

JA VOR WAS DENN?! Klarer Fall von Vorwärtsverteidigung!

Ich bin ja besonders fasziniert von der Analyse dieses polnischen
Experten, die in dem Artikel zitiert wird:

> \"The American move sends a signal to both Russia, US allies and other
> global powers that **the US is a leading global military power able to
> counter Russian threats in the region --- that it\'s not a power in
> decline**,\" Marcin Terlikowski, a security analyst with the Polish
> Institute of International Affairs, said.
