Hier formuliert ein Journalist aus Baltimore ein paar \...
==========================================================

Date: 2015-04-28 22:29:41

[Hier formuliert ein Journalist aus Baltimore ein paar harte aber
wichtige
Worte](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/04/nonviolence-as-compliance/391640/).

> But there was no official appeal for calm when Gray was being
> arrested. There was no appeal for calm when Jerriel Lyles was
> assaulted. ("The blow was so heavy. My eyes swelled up. Blood was
> dripping down my nose and out my eye.") There was no claim for
> nonviolence on behalf of Venus Green. ("Bitch, you ain't no better
> than any of the other old black bitches I have locked up.") There was
> no plea for peace on behalf of Starr Brown. ("They slammed me down on
> my face," Brown added, her voice cracking. "The skin was gone on my
> face.\")
>
> When nonviolence is preached as an attempt to evade the repercussions
> of political brutality, it betrays itself. When nonviolence begins
> halfway through the war with the aggressor calling time out, it
> exposes itself as a ruse. When nonviolence is preached by the
> representatives of the state, while the state doles out heaps of
> violence to its citizens, it reveals itself to be a con. And none of
> this can mean that rioting or violence is \"correct\" or \"wise,\" any
> more than a forest fire can be \"correct\" or \"wise.\" Wisdom isn\'t
> the point tonight. Disrespect is. In this case, disrespect for the
> hollow law and failed order that so regularly disrespects the
> community.

Das moralische Argument kann man natürlich genau auf Deutschland
übertragen. Da skandieren Demonstranten auch gerne mal \"Wir sind
friedlich, was seid ihr?\" in Richtung Polizei.
