recent movies
=============

Date: 2015-01-06 01:23:05

**[American Mary:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZDuUcA3ykAI)** Girl
drops out of med school and takes up a career in extreme body
modification and revenge torture. It\'s fucked up. I liked it. There is
less gratuitous stripper nonsense than the trailer shows.

**[Wetlands:](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdfL_MvOT8U)** This is one
of the filthiest movies I\'ve ever seen, and I mean that in both senses
of the word. Anal fissures are a major plot point, and it\'s German so
*of course* there\'s chest-shitting.

**Trouble Every Day:** It\'s a vampire movie. There, I spoiled it for
you. Everyone\'s a creep and really sad. I should know better than to
watch anything with Vincent Gallo in it.

**The Countess:** Julie Delpy does the story of Erzebet Bathory and her
innovative skin-care regime. It\'s a little slow, but good.

**The Anomaly:** Super-assassin has his memory reset every few minutes
and wakes up in the middle of a heist somewhere else. It\'s a lousy
enough retread of old ideas that I expected to see P. K. Dick\'s name
pop up (since there have been a thousand movies \"based on\" his work
and exactly one was any good).

**I Origins:** There was a germ of an interesting idea in here \-- \"I
think I found physical evidence that my Manic Pixie Dream Girlfriend was
reincarnated as an Indian street urchin!\" \-- but every character was
an irritating piece of shit and the dirtbag convenience-store clerk
playing the lead was completely unbelievable as a scientist.

**The Woman in Black:** This movie lost me when 20 minutes had gone by
and I had already been repeatedly subjected to ham-handed foley scares.
Here\'s a hint: pipes in old houses don\'t make 110 dB dubstep-drop
***boom*** noises. And even if they did, that\'s *terrible film-making*
unless what happens immediately next is \"the sink actually explodes\"
rather than, \"oh look, it is actually a fully functional sink.\" Then
later there was a floating Scooby Doo creeper in a cheap Halloween mask
or something. I\'ve already forgotten.

**The Device:** Finding the Alien MacGuffin makes everyone act like
assholes. Snore.

**The Signal:** I think this was better when it was called
*\"Laserblast\"*. I feel sad for Laurence Fishburne that money is so
tight that he decided to be in this.

**The One I Love:** This wasn\'t bad, but really it was a 30 minute
episode of *Tales From The Darkside* stretched out to feature length.
It\'s better if nobody has spoiled the central twist for you before you
watch it.

**Soulmate:** Attempted suicide meets actual suicide, has tea. Gonna go
with *Tales From The Darkside* again. Though it was refreshing to see a
ghost story that was trying to have a plot instead of only being scary.

**Drinking Buddies:** Sad, dissatisfied people realize they aren\'t
happy with their relationships, change things, nothing changes. I was
going to say, \"Hey, they\'re still making 90s slacker angst movies!\"
except if this was one of those there would have been a bunch of
overwrought monologues. It wasn\'t a bad movie but it was just a total
bummer.

**Dead Before Dawn:** I just remember a lot of running and screaming and
drooling. And then maybe it was all a dream? Yeah, I\'ve already
forgotten it.

\...on a related note, is there a replacement yet for tvtorrents.com
that works with flexget?
