Google Places is still incomprehensible
=======================================

Date: 2015-10-19 08:31:11

Dear Lazyweb, I want to do two things:

-   Make [Codeword](https://www.codeword-sf.com/) show up on Google Maps
    at 917 Folsom St.;
-   Make a second location of [DNA Pizza](http://www.dnapizza.com/) show
    up on Google Maps at the same address (or \"917b\" if that\'s how it
    has to be, which I guess it is) without making the existing 371
    Eleventh Street location go away.

So I went to Google Places, which they seemed to have given a horrible
new name of \"Google My Business\", and it\'s telling me that my
existing \"DNA Pizza\" entry in there is \"Disabled, Contact support\",
possibly because it is not up to the \"rigorous quality requirements\"
of Google Plus. Yeah they actually said that. I think that every time I
log in to this business dashboard \-- which is about once a year \--
they have disabled the DNA Pizza entry and I have never figured out why.
Also they\'re telling me it\'s \"unverified\" again, but I definitely
had them mail me that fucking verification postcard *three fucking
times*, and succeeded in getting DNA Pizza verified at least once, but
now it\'s back to being unverified again. Hooray.

Anyway, since the last time I looked at this shitshow, they seem to have
changed the terminology around, and now \-- *I think? Maybe?* \-- it is
presenting things as if \"DNA Lounge\" and \"DNA Pizza\" are two
locations for the same business, which is arguably not really the case
\-- and I worry that things will get completely screwed up when I add a
third business, Codeword, plus a second location for business number
two, DNA Pizza. Codeword is not \"a second location of DNA Lounge\" and
I don\'t want them to present it that way.

Am I supposed to have a separate Google My Business login for each
business, even though I\'m the owner of all of them? I thought Google
wanted you to have one login for everything? I\'m pretty sure I read
somewhere that people with multiple identities were bad people who have
something to hide.

Anyway, how does this crap work?
