English • Re: Adopt English for forum language
==============================================

Date: 2015-03-31 17:36:01

This is the place where we started to discuss about YaCy: up to 30
developers all from Germany. For YEARS almost no foreign user appeared.
There was no reason and no use to speak english here while
inline-documentation was always in english.\
\
This project is about freedom; freedom of information and freedom of
speech. It\'s just natural that no dictate can be stated to everybody to
use a specific language.\
\
When more english users came, they looked for an english forum. Other
people speak other languages; as it is not feasible to do integrate
language forum sections for all the languages I recommended that
X-speaking people should open their X-language forum. An english forum,
maintained by an australian was set up but stayed a wasteland since it
was badly maintained and finally full of spam. To rescure the situation,
one english forum was integrated here.\
\
My opinion about other language YaCy forums is still the same: please
open your own forum and please maintain it, I will link it. But there is
NO WAY that this forum should be turned into a english-speaking forum
only by a dictate. Furthermore I like to remind you to respect other
languages, in this case German, therefore you should not ask to stop
using our mother language at all.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Orbiter](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=2)
--- Di Mär 31, 2015 4:36 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
