Die schwedische Außenministerin hat es neulich gewagt, \...
===========================================================

Date: 2015-03-28 00:10:36

[Die schwedische Außenministerin hat es neulich gewagt, Saudi-Arabiens
\"kulturelle Unterschiede\" kritisch zu
hinterfragen](http://www.spectator.co.uk/features/9481542/swedens-feminist-foreign-minister-has-dared-to-tell-the-truth-about-saudi-arabia-what-happens-now-concerns-us-all/).

> A few weeks ago Margot Wallström, the Swedish foreign minister,
> denounced the subjugation of women in Saudi Arabia. As the theocratic
> kingdom prevents women from travelling, conducting official business
> or marrying without the permission of male guardians, and as girls can
> be forced into child marriages where they are effectively raped by old
> men, she was telling no more than the truth. Wallström went on to
> condemn the Saudi courts for ordering that Raif Badawi receive ten
> years in prison and 1,000 lashes for setting up a website that
> championed secularism and free speech. These were 'mediaeval methods',
> she said, and a 'cruel attempt to silence modern forms of expression'.
> And once again, who can argue with that?

Spannend ist, was dann passierte. Saudi Arabien hat ihren Botschafter in
Schweden zurückgerufen und erteilt Schweden jetzt kein Visum mehr. Die
vereinigten arabischen Emirate haben sich dem direkt angeschlossen.
Natürlich gab es auch eine Packung Rhetorik dazu:

> The Organisation of Islamic Co-operation, which represents 56
> Muslim-majority states, accused Sweden of failing to respect the
> world's 'rich and varied ethical standards'

\|Ach so ist das. Na dann.
