Nach 14 Jahren \"War on Terror\" wird es höchste Zeit \...
==========================================================

Date: 2015-09-10 00:36:54

[Nach 14 Jahren \"War on Terror\" wird es höchste Zeit für eine
Gratulation --- an Osama bin
Laden](http://www.thenation.com/article/14-years-after-911-the-war-on-terror-is-accomplishing-everything-bin-laden-hoped-it-would/).

> ﻿ Fourteen years later, thanks a heap, Osama bin Laden. With a small
> number of supporters, \$400,000-\$500,000, and 19 suicidal hijackers,
> most of them Saudis, you pulled off a geopolitical magic trick of the
> first order. Think of it as wizardry from the theater of darkness. In
> the process, you did "change everything" or at least enough of
> everything to matter. Or rather, you goaded us into doing what you had
> neither the resources nor the ability to do. So let's give credit
> where it's due. Psychologically speaking, the 9/11 attacks represented
> precision targeting of a kind American leaders would only dream of in
> the years to follow. I have no idea how, but you clearly understood us
> so much better than we understood you or, for that matter, ourselves.
> You knew just which buttons of ours to push so that we would
> essentially carry out the rest of your plan for you. While you sat
> back and waited in Abbottabad, we followed the blueprints for your
> dreams and desires as if you had planned it and, in the process, made
> the world a significantly different (and significantly grimmer) place.

Nicht gänzlich von der Hand zu weisen, finde ich.
