English • Re: Language filter ineffective
=========================================

Date: 2015-05-19 16:29:55

Thanks Michael for answering.\
As I see it, I think we can frankly agree that the current recognition
method doesn\'t suit well the average user\'s needs. I understand that
YaCy is predominantly a mono-language German project where many users
and crawlers surf almost exclusively on German waters, and so it\'s
difficult to realize when the language detector doesn\'t work. But
here\'s my report: it doesn\'t work.\
[Flashback: I already [rose to the
attention](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/viewtopic.php?f=23&t=5561){.postlink}
the problem of a language gap in the YaCy
community.]{style="font-style: italic"}\
\
The reason I\'m taking the time to post on this forum is not to
criticize anyone. It\'s for YaCy to improve.\
Practically speaking, I won\'t be able to move my YaCy installation from
testing to production without being able to rely on the results
language. That\'s it, to filter off German results from the list, which
accompany every query I run.\
\
Moreover, I offer my excellent open source algorithm for language
detection. It works really well, for short and long texts, and is easily
extensible to newer languages. it is used by 1200 persons right now.\
Since it\'s written in JS, it should be easily importable to YaCy with
the addition of only a few files.\
\
If necessary, I can provide for quick instructions on how to use it. The
license is GPLv2, as specified in the page linked above.\
As a summary: it\'s computationally fast; correctly detects 100% of the
documents longer than 10 words; it doesn\'t rely on external services;
it\'s about 50 KB of JS.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[davide](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8883)
--- Di Mai 19, 2015 3:29 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
