English • Re: \"Search again\" & API
====================================

Date: 2015-05-28 00:11:45

> <div>
>
> davide hat geschrieben:\
> If I get this correctly, the \"search again\" button is intended to
> allow YaCy to better refine the search results during the time frame
> between the first query (\"search\") and the second one (\"search
> again\"). Please correct me if I\'m wrong.\
>
> </div>

\
thats right. well its simple: when doing a search to other peers, there
must be a time-out, waiting for more results. If that happens, the first
result page is shown completely, but meanwhile more results may get in;
that is not stopped when the first results are shown. Doing a second
search will simply put you into a situation where more results have been
collected meanwhile.\
\

> <div>
>
> davide hat geschrieben:\
> Hereof, I noticed that searches performed via the web panel return
> results in less time than those performed via API (yacysearch.json).
> Is this because YaCy allows more time to source results for API
> queries?\
>
> </div>

\
There is actual no distinguishing between .html servlet results and
.json or .rss results. So I have do explanation for your observatuion.\
\

> <div>
>
> davide hat geschrieben:\
> Also, how much delay is a \"good delay\" to have a degree of
> confidence over the results returned?\
>
> </div>

\
This is open for research. I actually don\'t know. You can develop a
\'rule of thumb\' for your own application. I experimented with time
ranges from 3-10 seconds. Most important was obviously the waiting time,
not the completeness of the result for the user. But that may be
different for a different type of user.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Orbiter](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=2)
--- Mi Mai 27, 2015 11:11 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
