English • Re: Improving ranking using neural networks and genetic algo
======================================================================

Date: 2015-08-01 00:36:26

Hi Cajun,\
\

> <div>
>
> Cajun hat geschrieben:\
> Hi Biolizard89 and Orbiter,\
> \
> \
> Very, interesting, indeed. The very critical point in this research
> from my point of view is, to get the link betwen queries and their
> actual endpoints in the SERP - hope, you\'ve got the opportunities to
> go on and accomplish your work!\
>
> </div>

\
\
I\'m not certain what you mean by \"endpoints\" and \"SERP\" \-- from
context I infer that you\'re asking about detecting which result a user
actually clicked on the results page? If so, I am doing some experiments
on finding the best way to determine this. Ideally, it would be nice if
YaCy included a callback mechanism for this, so that I could provide a
REST interface that YaCy would call and provide me that info. I\'m not
sure if YaCy is interested in providing such a mechanism. If not, it\'s
probably possible to do this with Javascript via a Greasemonkey script,
although I haven\'t fully looked into this yet. You are correct that
this information is very useful.\
\

> <div>
>
> Cajun hat geschrieben:\
> \@Orbiter - is there a way to get fully anonymized listings of queries
> accomplished in the yacy-network? And, to get them linked them with
> results choosen finally? As long as they do not leave the users
> terminal? What, if the users may deliberately decide to send these
> key-value pairs, anonymously and anonymized, to a central and open
> database server - open for researchers around the world?\
>
> </div>

\
\
I think the problem with anonymously providing that data to a central
server is that users could mass-submit spam. In theory something like
Hashcash would be able to make spam less easy, but I don\'t think it\'s
sufficient, and it also gives an advantage to attackers that have lots
of computing resources (e.g. either the NSA or a botnet operator). I am
investigating the possibility of using the user\'s social graph to share
this information, which would make spam much more difficult (a spammer
would only affect his immediate friends, who would probably unfriend
him/her). However, privacy is very tricky in such a system, and I don\'t
have any great solutions at this point. It would be possible to store
such data locally, and simply submit ranking algorithms to your friends,
and they just return the fitness value, which preserves privacy much
more. I think this may be sufficient to get \"good enough\" data, though
it\'s certainly not as effective as what Google is doing (they have an
inherent advantage here, since they don\'t have privacy constraints).\
\
You might also look at Blippex, a (now defunct) search engine which
tried to crowdsource data from its users. They had some interesting
ideas with privacy, but their design required a central server (which
you didn\'t have to trust entirely for privacy purposes).\
\

> <div>
>
> Cajun hat geschrieben:\
> I think, the idea behind is not only important, but also critical,
> challenging and a little bit to demanding, not to try to get it
> accomplished by some \'crowd-intelliengce\' approach \... don\'t you
> think so?\
>
> </div>

\
\
Having users cooperate definitely improves the efficiency of the system.
I\'d love to hear more ideas on this topic.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[biolizard89](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8861)
--- Fr Jul 31, 2015 11:36 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
