YaCy Coding & Architektur • Loklak & YaCy & Social Community Integration
========================================================================

Date: 2015-07-28 10:36:06

some months ago I started a new peer-to-peer project called
[loklak](http://loklak.org){.postlink} which is about collecting and
searching tweets (as a start) from twitter. The architecture is done in
such a way that it does not depend on a public API (it simply scrapes
websites as all search engines does) and it is not supposed to be based
only on twitter. Instead, it shall create a framework to collect status
messages from any social media sites.\
\
Several questions may come up why such a project should be done:\
(1) what is the purpose of the collection of status messages outside
their home platform?\
(2) what is the connection to search engines in general and what is the
use for YaCy?\
(3) what should the free software community do with this?\
\
There are philosophical and practical aspects on these questions. I
tried to give the philosophical answer on question (1) at the fossasia
conference in Singapure this year:\
**iframe**\
In short: we now have monopolies (Google, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram)
and they will stay for a long time. A free alternative to these
plattforms cannot keep up and get better, because they have too much
data to make it possible to be as good as they are. The only way to
become as good as they are is, to create a collection mechanism to get
their data in a free-software environment. That means, we need a
data-bootstrap-harvester and that could be made with loklak.\
\
The answer to (2) is important for the YaCy community: search portals do
not any more scrape data from web pages, they also should be able to get
information from those large-scale social communities. We don\'t have
such a scraping mechanism in YaCy to be able to to this. In this
context, loklak can be seen as a \'scraping-sister-project\' which may
be able to support YaCy to get into the social community data
harvesting. I don\'t see that any other free software search engine has
this capability. Using loklak as tool for YaCy will keep us up-to-date
to the habits of the internet users to send their content not to web
pages any more, but mostly to community message services like twitter
and facebook.\
\
The answer to (3) is important for all people who are looking for a free
alternative to twitter: once there was identica, but this project is
almost dead. An alternative to twitter needs a backend-server software
which can organize such data, and loklak is such a server. Right now
actually we are building a front-end on loklak which can be found
currently on <http://test.loklak.net> which actually still uses twitter
as authentication but will be able to work in its own someday.\
\
tl;dr\
I made a twitter-like infrastructure named \'loklak\' which may support
YaCy to search within social community platforms. Facebook, Instagram
may be added as well as data source.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Orbiter](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=2)
--- Di Jul 28, 2015 9:36 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
