Mitmachen • Re: YaCy funding and development policy
===================================================

Date: 2015-12-19 11:05:05

Hi luc,\
when I started YaCy it was work I did in my free time. During these
years I already worked as freelance consultant and YaCy was developed
while I was sitting in a train or in hotel rooms or (much worse) when I
was home and did not share my time with my family. In the most recent
years I was able to sell consultancy for YaCy to \'selected\' customers
(yes I \'unselected\' not a few job offerings from the dark side). Many
professional enhancements (like solr integration, GSA protocol support,
very rich metadata format, dump creation, front-end enhancements) came
from customer requests.\
\
What I have painted in the YaCy2 graphics is a model to have
opportunities to intensivate such professional enhancements. I would
love to enhance YaCy with or without funding from companies, but it is
necessary to have a good choice how to earn money to fund the family. I
have two children and as they grow older their demand for funding rises.
Therefore it would be a good thing to grow into commercial applications
with YaCy, because it could open up opportunities to have funding from
commercial parterns. Thats what is reflected in the YaCy2 architecture.
It even contains research opportunities, so partners could be
universities as well.\
\
If you want to join professional work with YaCy I don\'t stand in your
way. When YaCyPi made a kickstarter campaign, I was advertising it.
Today I know that YaCyPi was crap and nobody cared about it, but I have
seen harm for the YaCy project (somebody approached me and sayd: \"I
wanted to support you, so I bought the YaCyPi, but it never worked\".)
Finding a commercial partner is really hard work. And you are on your
own, finding a project. You must create a \'product\' which suites you,
like: providing support where you deliver consultantcy in a specified
time range. You must ask yourself what you can do and create a contract
which describes how your customer and you promise to deliver.\
\
So if you want to start a crowdfunding campaign for \_you\_, just go for
it. Because I want to learn from the past, I would like to support this
only if the campaign gives transparency how you campaign is related to
the whole project. For me, a crowdfunding campaign does not work right
now. What would be your idea, what do you want to sell?

Statistik: Verfasst von
[Orbiter](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=2)
--- Sa Dez 19, 2015 11:05 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
