English • Re: Improving ranking using neural networks and genetic algo
======================================================================

Date: 2015-04-13 22:53:30

Hello everyone,\
\
I\'m working on posting a writeup of last semester\'s effort; hopefully
that will be up soon. Progress is continuing this semester.\
\
Until then, a bit of interesting numbers.\
\
As of the end of last semester, we were able to produce Solr ranking
parameters which had a fitness score (measuring ability to learn ranking
similarity to a given dataset) of 0.12 with a data sample of 300 search
queries. We used Startpage results to train it (decentralized data
gathering is still being worked on). For reference, Startpage would be
1.0 (since it matches itself perfectly), 0.0 would be random guessing,
DuckDuckGo had a fitness of 0.47, and YaCy\'s default Solr ranking
(without RWI) had a fitness of -0.006. So, basically, we\'ve closed
about a quarter of the gap between YaCy\'s default Solr settings and
DuckDuckGo in terms of ability to mimic Startpage (this will probably
extrapolate to non-Startpage training data, although we don\'t have
evidence of this yet).\
\
We also demonstrated that a decentralized fitness calculation of YaCy
Solr parameters does converge to a similar fitness (0.12) as a
centralized calculation (0.13), but takes approximately 4 times as many
generations (in the case of our very simplified test social graph) to
achieve that fitness. We don\'t think this increased generation count is
likely to be a problem in practical situations, but more research is
needed before we can be confident of this.\
\
We are very curious how the results are affected by doing RWI as well as
Solr. Unfortunately, since RWI in YaCy doesn\'t yet support debugQuery
output, we don\'t have the ability to get those results.\
\
Hope this quenches your thirst for information on our efforts here, at
least for now. I will try to post a more thorough writeup when I have a
chance.\
\
Cheers!

Statistik: Verfasst von
[biolizard89](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8861)
--- Mo Apr 13, 2015 9:53 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
