Why market-rate housing makes the crisis worse
==============================================

Date: 2015-06-17 02:03:46

[If you require less than about 40 percent affordable housing, the net
impact of high-end construction is to make the housing market
worse.](http://www.48hills.org/2015/06/14/why-market-rate-housing-makes-the-crisis-worse/)

> How is that possible? How could building more housing (at any level)
> be a net problem for the housing market? Doesn\'t more housing trickle
> down and make things better for everyone? It\'s not that complicated:
> When you build a new luxury housing complex, new resident move into
> it. For the most part, they result in net additions to the number of
> people in the city: If the person who buys a new condo moves out of a
> rental unit, someone else will move into that rental. Quickly.
>
> The people with high disposable incomes who fill those condos or
> luxury rentals will spend money in town, creating a demand for jobs
> \-- restaurant workers, grocery clerks, cops and firefighters, bank
> tellers \... and those people will also need a place to live. \[\...\]
>
> So according to the study, by Keyser Marston Associates, every time
> the city allows 100 new high-end housing units, it needs to build
> between 20 and 43 new affordable units \-- *just to keep the housing
> balance the way it is now.* Put the affordable units in the main
> complex and the impact is lower (because fewer millionaires move in).
> Built them, as is common, somewhere else and the impact is greater.
> \[\...\]
>
> If the city demands 15 percent affordable set-asides, then every
> market-rate building adds more demand for affordable housing than it
> supplies. That means every new building makes the housing crisis
> worse.
>
> Again: This isn\'t me and some crazy leftists saying that. It\'s the
> city\'s own studies, done by a respecting economic consulting firm.
