Mitmachen • Re: YaCy funding and development policy
===================================================

Date: 2015-12-20 12:57:09

Hi Orbiter,\
thank you for such a complete and honest answer. You are right,
launching a successfull professionnal project with YaCy will need much
thinking and preparation. I think for now I still lack some experience
both as a user and in overall code architecture. But there are already
many points I would be interested to improve. I feel it very important
to make YaCy project alive, and lack of time is sometimes quite
frustrating (but it\'s also vital not to forget life outside
computers).\
\
Currently I am trying to switch from a job in an engineering society,
and to work on projects which reflect more what I believe in. Finding a
company or organization somehow involved in free software and ready to
invest some time on YaCy would be great. I am also not fully convinced
with crowdfunding systems.\
\
By the way, to my mind the most important for now would be to enhance
YaCy newcomers experience : translation, community support, up to date
wiki, system integration, reduce visual bugs, timezone problems,
processing on low grade systems\... Not impossible with some volunteers
work, but I think some of these tasks are not the most interesting even
if they require some time investment.\
\
If I finally would be to start a crowdfunding campain it would be of
course with your agreement, and with participation of anyone interested
in YaCy team. I understand your disappointment with a project such as
YaCyPi.\
\
For now I hope to find enough time to continue improving YaCy the best I
can, and I am already grateful you made it exists!

Statistik: Verfasst von
[luc](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9609)
--- So Dez 20, 2015 12:57 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
