Y2Gay
=====

Date: 2015-06-28 06:28:17

[Gay marriage: the database engineering
perspective:](http://qntm.org/gay)

> There are various objections to expanding the conventional, up-tight,
> as-God-intended \"one man, one woman\" notion of marriage but by far
> the least plainly bigoted ones I am aware of are the bureaucratic
> ones.
>
> To be blunt, the systems aren\'t set up to handle it. The paper forms
> have a space for the husband\'s name and a space for the wife\'s name.
> Married people carefully enter their details in block capitals and
> post the forms off to depressed paper-pushers who then type that
> information into software front-ends whose forms are laid out and
> named in precisely the same fashion. And then they hit \"submit\" and
> the information is filed away electronically in databases which simply
> keel over or belch integrity errors when presented with something so
> profound as a man and another man who love each other enough to want
> to file joint tax returns.
>
> \[\...\] Believe it or not, this is actually a fractionally less
> stupid database schema.
>
> -   males
>     -   id
>     -   forename
>     -   surname
>     -   birthdate
>     -   wife\_id (unique foreign key references column females.id, may
>         be NULL if male is unmarried)
> -   females
>     -   id
>     -   forename
>     -   surname
>     -   birthdate
>
> This reduces the scope for ambiguity but it has suddenly become
> eye-poppingly sexist. Plus, what if you want to store information
> pertaining to the marriage itself? Like, the date it began?

Keep reading as he explains why you can\'t marry yourself, expands his
database schema to cover polygamy, and eventually *intransitive
marriages*:

> The legal ramifications of what I\'m about to describe are
> unguessable. I have no idea what rights a civil union like the ones
> which would be possible below would have, nor do I have any idea what
> kind of transhuman universe would require so complex a system. This is
> the marriage database schema to take us up to the thirty-first
> century, people.

[Previously](http://www.jwz.org/blog/2011/08/tax-questions-from-the-future/).
