Die Obama-Junta setzt jetzt schon die \"State Secrets\"-Ausrede \...
====================================================================

Date: 2015-03-30 20:27:29

[Die Obama-Junta setzt jetzt schon die \"State Secrets\"-Ausrede ein, um
Gerichtsverfahren gegen Nicht-Regierungs-Organisationen zu
killen](https://firstlook.org/theintercept/2015/03/26/new-low-obama-doj-federal-courts-abusing-state-secrets-privilege/).
Das ist normalerweise die Ausrede der Wahl, um Verfahren gegen
Regierungsbehörden loszuwerden. In diesem Fall ging es um eine Klage
eines griechischen Reeders, der einer gemeinsamen
Geheimdienst-Ausgliederung der Amis und Israelis Rufmord vorwarf, weil
sie ihn öffentlich bezichtigt hatten, mit Handelssanktionen gegen den
Iran zu ignorieren.

> At the center of it is an anti-Iranian group calling itself "United
> Against Nuclear Iran" (UANI), which is very likely a front for some
> combination of the Israeli and U.S. intelligence services. When
> launched, NBC described its mission as waging "economic and
> psychological warfare" against Iran. The group was founded and is run
> and guided by a roster of U.S., Israeli and British neocon extremists
> such as Joe Lieberman, former Bush Homeland Security adviser (and
> current CNN "analyst") Fran Townsend, former CIA Director James
> Woolsey, and former Mossad Director Meir Dagan. One of its key
> advisers is Olli Heinonen, who just co-authored a Washington Post
> Op-Ed with former Bush CIA/NSA Director Michael Hayden arguing that
> Washington is being too soft on Tehran.

DIE Art von Geheimdienstausgliederung. Aber auf der anderen Seite
peinlich bemüht, keine Beziehungen zu US-Behörden zu haben.

> The New York Times's Matt Apuzzo noted at the time that "the group is
> not affiliated with the government, and lists no government contracts
> on its tax forms. The government has cited no precedent for using the
> so­-called state­ secrets privilege to quash a private lawsuit that
> does not focus on government activity." He quoted the ACLU's Ben
> Wizner as saying: "I have never seen anything like this." Reuters's
> Allison Frankel labeled the DOJ's involvement a "mystery" and said
> "the government's brief is maddeningly opaque about its interest in a
> private libel case."

Wie krass.
