Der Sprecher des Landtags von New York wurde wegen \...
=======================================================

Date: 2015-01-22 22:46:21

[Der Sprecher des Landtags von New York wurde wegen Verdachts auf
Korruption
verhaftet](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/23/nyregion/speaker-of-new-york-assembly-sheldon-silver-is-arrested-in-corruption-case.html).
Das bemerkenswerte dabei sind die Umstände und wie institutionalisiert
das da offenbar ist.

> accused of using the power of his office for more than a decade to
> secure millions of dollars in bribes and kickbacks

und

> They include using his position to obtain corrupt payments
> misrepresented as referral fees from a law firm, funneling state
> research funds and other benefits to a doctor who in return referred
> asbestos claims to the law firm where the speaker worked, and secretly
> helping real estate developers win tax breaks.

Und das Detail, das mich zum Verlinken der Story gebracht hat:

> Albany's systemic corruption --- and a series of cases brought by the
> same federal prosecutors who charged Mr. Silver on Thursday ---
> prompted Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, a fellow Democrat, to create a special
> anticorruption panel, known as the Moreland Commission, to investigate
> wrongdoing and work to clean up state government.
>
> But in March, Mr. Cuomo abruptly shut down the commission --- "to the
> great relief of Sheldon Silver," Mr. Bharara said.

Oh, der Untersuchungsausschuss fängt an, Dinge zu untersuchen? Schnell
zumachen, bevor sie was herausfinden!1!!
