English • Re: User poll: feasible, but missing feature?
=======================================================

Date: 2015-01-31 20:43:13

Image search by size (small/medium/large) would be a nice feature to
have - but that would require image search to actually work.\
\
Image search not crashing half the time you search and most of the time
when you click \[2\] to get the next page of images would be a nice
\"feature\".\
\
Images from sites blacklisted not showing up as black images in the
image search results would also be a nice \"feature\".\
\
Actually being able to use image search without logging in would also be
a great \"feature\".\
\
For regular search, actually useful search results would be a nice
\"feature\". The way search results is sorted right now seems almost
random - to put it mildly. What you are probably looking for & what
other search engines place among the top 5 is almost never among the
search results yacy presents (if search results even appear instead of
yacy just crashing).\
\
See a pattern here?\
\
I would personally prefer to see the [very basic
functionality]{style="font-style: italic"} actually work as expected
rather than see new half-baked barely working or not at all features.
YaCy was a useless joke with no chance of getting attention from more
than a minority of technically interested privacy-concerned people who
dislike corporatism & fascism. Most people watch television and are so
dumbed down and so brainwashed that they can not even manage to consider
the idea that the whole \"war of terror\" was all false-flag operations
and tv propaganda and they can\'t even being to consider that they are
in a fascist police-state. This means that YaCy needs to be attractive
to the masses out there in addition to those who have that rare quality
called \"ability to think\". This is not the case today. [Nobody will
try YaCy and see the search \"results\" and experience how unable it is
and what a resource-hog it is and think \"yeah this is great, I\'ll use
this and even run this on my own computer.]{style="font-weight: bold"}
My humble opinion is that [that]{style="font-style: italic"} is what you
should focus on. Make the basics work. Make it less demanding by default
(it is better to have 100000 people crawl ten pages per minute than have
10 people crawl 200 pages per minute). Work on sorting and presentation
of search results. Make it possible to put caps on things like disk
usage, right now you can ask it to stop doing things when there is X MB
harddrive space left - it would be better to be able to say \"Limit yacy
to 10 GB or 100 GB or whatever\".\
\
When a dedicated server with 4 cores and RAID10 and 8 GB RAM where 4 GB
are dedicated to YaCy isn\'t enough then there is no way most people
will install this thing on their desktop computers.\
\
Go back to basics and make the basics work and then think about adding
new things.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[oyvinds](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9532)
--- Sa Jan 31, 2015 8:43 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
