Hilfe für Einsteiger und Anwender • Re: YaCy IP verschleiern
============================================================

Date: 2015-12-06 06:34:21

> <div>
>
> 1hartmann hat geschrieben:\
> Hall wer kann mir bitte sagen wie ich bei YaCy meine IP verschleiern
> kann und mit welchem Programm? Danke.\
>
> </div>

\
\
Orbiter\'s suggestion of using Tor as an upstream proxy will fit your
literally stated goal of hiding your IP. However, my understanding is
that YaCy doesn\'t play well with some of Tor\'s features for preventing
identity correlation attacks (e.g. stream isolation). Doing this
properly would most likely require passing SOCKS authentication to Tor,
which isn\'t really feasible right now since I don\'t think YaCy
supports upstream SOCKS. Also, you\'ll need to make sure that YaCy
isn\'t listening for incoming connections, since those will bypass Tor.
If you want to accept incoming connections to YaCy while hiding your IP,
you could use a Tor hidden service, but I don\'t think a stock YaCy
client can connect to Tor hidden services.\
\
It would be awesome to see more development on making YaCy more
anonymous. I get the impression that the YaCy devs would like to see
this happen, but they have limited resources and this isn\'t a top
priority for them. (Orbiter is welcome to correct me if I\'m mistaken.)\
\
Cheers.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[biolizard89](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8861)
--- So Dez 06, 2015 6:34 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
