English • YaCy at libraries?
============================

Date: 2015-09-20 22:29:04

Dear all,\
\
A while ago, a Swedish government investigator proposed to construct a
public service search engine in Sweden as part of a new government media
strategy. The reason is that there is fear Google and other similar
search engines bias information in favour of specific commercial
parties, and hopefully also a critical analysis of how centralized
search engines intransparently can affect social values and bias
stereotypes (although I am personally unconvinced that this latter
reason is at the heart of the proposal).\
\
I\'m now looking for people who\'d be able to collaborate in Sweden for
running a few YaCy pilots at libraries in different cities. This could
have the advantage of pre-empting any proposal to build a new search
engine from scratch (which would be prohibitively expensive, and also
probably not work out well), and would also ensure the involvement of
more libraries - including at the local level - in new digital tools.\
\
There are a few libraries in Sweden who could conceivably be interested
in such a pilot, I have understood. My background is not, however,
technical and I\'m not a YaCy developer or even a YaCy server provider.
I\'m wondering if there are any Swedes around, or failing that, Danes or
Norwegians, and if they would be inclined to donate their time, name and
expertise to such a project in further contacts with municipalities?\
\
For many libraries in Sweden, initiating IT projects is quite cumbersome
because they need to involve public administrations outside the
libraries. In many cases IT is entirely integrated over the entire
municipality. For this project to work, we\'d have to be able to provide
information on how to deal with YaCy in such a system (my local
municipality is, for instance, unable to participate because of a
Citrix-system which makes it complicated for the library to initiate
even simple projects on its own).\
\
If this sounds interesting, drop me a line. I don\'t have much more
planned out at the moment. I also have no financial resources for this
project (yet).

Statistik: Verfasst von
[teirdes](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9614)
--- So Sep 20, 2015 9:29 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
