Wie kommt das eigentlich, dass ein paar Hacker aus \...
=======================================================

Date: 2015-06-19 18:39:25

Wie kommt das eigentlich, dass ein paar Hacker aus der Personalbehörde
in den USA mal eben so viele Datensätze raustragen können? [Ars hat die
Details](http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/06/encryption-would-not-have-helped-at-opm-says-dhs-official/).
Highlight:

> House Oversight Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) told Archuleta and
> OPM Chief Information Officer Donna Seymour, \"You failed utterly and
> totally.\" He referred to OPM\'s own inspector general reports and
> hammered Seymour in particular for the 11 major systems out of 47 that
> had not been properly certified as secure¿which were not contractor
> systems but systems operated by OPM\'s own IT department. \"They were
> in your office, which is a horrible example to be setting,\" Chaffetz
> told Seymour.

\|\"Was ist denn das da unter dem Schreibtisch?\" \"Das ist der
Datenbank-Server

Oh und wie kamen die Angreifer rein?

> the attackers had gained valid user credentials to the systems that
> they attacked¿likely through social engineering.

Und das Amt hatte keine Multifaktor-Authentisierung.

Wie kam es denn dazu, dass die Zustände da so schlimm sind?

> Until recently, federal agents carried out background investigations
> for OPM. Then Congress cut the budget for investigations, and they
> were outsourced to USIS, which, as one person familiar with OPM\'s
> investigation process told Ars, was essentially a company made up of
> \"some OPM people who quit the agency and started up USIS on a
> shoestring.\" When USIS was breached and most of its data (if not all
> of it) was stolen, the company lost its government contracts and was
> replaced by KeyPoint¿\"a bunch of people on an even thinner
> shoestring. Now if you get investigated, it\'s by a person with a
> personal Gmail account because the company that does the investigation
> literally has no IT infrastructure. And this Gmail account is not one
> of those where a company contracts with Google for business services.
> It is a personal Gmail account.\"

Das wäre eigentlich alles toller Stoff für eine Stand-Up Comedy.

Aber wartet, wird noch besser!

> A consultant who did some work with a company contracted by OPM to
> manage personnel records for a number of agencies told Ars that he
> found the Unix systems administrator for the project \"was in
> Argentina and his co-worker was physically located in the \[People\'s
> Republic of China\]. Both had direct access to every row of data in
> every database: they were root.

Tja, so ist das halt, wenn man an die billigsten Anbieter outsourced. Da
kommt man dann halt gewöhnlich mittel- oder unmittelbar im Ausland raus.
