The KLF
=======

Date: 2016-03-05 03:25:01

The KLF\'s album *The White Room* came out 25 years ago this week, and
it is fucking awful. Really, it\'s just a deplorable house/disco mess
and I hate every track.

The KLF themselves, however, are absolute geniuses and I truly admire
their commitment. First they published a book in 1988, [*The Manual (How
to Have a Number One the Easy
Way)*](http://freshonthenet.co.uk/the-manual-by-the-klf/):

> WE GUARANTEE THAT WE WILL REFUND THE COMPLETE PRICE OF THIS MANUAL IF
> YOU ARE UNABLE TO ACHIEVE A NUMBER ONE SINGLE IN THE OFFICIAL (GALLUP)
> U.K. CHARTS WITHIN THREE MONTHS OF THE PURCHASE OF THIS MANUAL AND ON
> CONDITION THAT YOU HAVE FULFILLED OUR INSTRUCTIONS TO THE LETTER. TO
> RECEIVE THIS GUARANTEE PLEASE WRITE TO KLF PUBLICATIONS, BOX 283, HP21
> 7HG, U.K. WITH YOUR NAME, ADDRESS AND A PHOTOCOPY OF YOUR PURCHASE
> RECEIPT AND AN S.A.E. YOU WlLL RECEIVE YOUR GUARANTEE WITHIN 28 DAYS.
> \[\...\]
>
> Firstly, you must be skint and on the dole. Anybody with a proper job
> or tied up with full time education will not have the time to devote
> to see it through. Also, being on the dole gives you a clearer
> perspective on how much of society is run. If you are already a
> musician stop playing your instrument. Even better, sell the junk. It
> will become clearer later on but just take our word for it for the
> time being. Sitting around tinkering with the Portastudio or musical
> gear (either ancient or modern) just complicates and distracts you
> from the main objective. Even worse than being a musician is being a
> musician in a band. Real bands never get to Number One \-- unless they
> are puppets.

It\'s really pretty amazing. But then they followed their own
instructions, and got a number one single later that year. And then they
did it again in 1990. And all of this was wrapped up inside a whole lot
of Robert Anton Wilson *Illuminatus* mythological nonsense.

(If you\'re like me, you might assume that the unrelenting awfulness of
their music was, in fact, part of the joke.)

Then they [retired](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_KLF#Retirement) in
1992 with a wonderful table-flip mic-drop:

> The KLF and crust punk group Extreme Noise Terror performed a live
> version of \"3 a.m. Eternal\" at the BRIT Awards, the British
> Phonographic Industry\'s annual awards show; a \"violently
> antagonistic performance\" in front of \"a stunned music-business
> audience\". Drummond and Cauty had planned to throw buckets of
> sheep\'s blood over the audience, but were prevented from doing so due
> to opposition from BBC lawyers and \"hardcore vegans\" Extreme Noise
> Terror. The performance was instead garnished by a limping, kilted,
> cigar-chomping Drummond firing blanks from an automatic weapon over
> the heads of the crowd. As the band left the stage, The KLF\'s
> promoter and narrator Scott Piering announced over the PA system that
> \"The KLF have now left the music business\". Later in the evening the
> band dumped a dead sheep with the message \"I died for you \-- bon
> appetit\" tied around its waist at the entrance to one of the
> post-ceremony parties.
>
> Reactions were mixed.

And then in 1994 they withdrew the remaining £1M they had in the bank,
and they *set it on fire:*

> \"If we had gone and spent the money on Rolls Royces and swimming
> pools, I don\'t think people would be upset. It\'s because we burnt
> it. \[\...\] Seeing as you\'re talking about the charity angle: our
> burning that money doesn\'t mean there\'s any less loaves of bread in
> the world. Any less apples. Any less anything. The only thing there\'s
> less of, is a pile of paper.\"
>
> \"But there could have been a little more. More bread, more apples.\"
>
> \"No. We didn\'t burn any loaves of bread. We didn\'t burn any apples.
> Those loaves of bread still exist. There\'s nothing less in the
> world.\"

People rarely *commit* like these fellows did. *Slow clap.*

::: {style="text-align: center; width: 100%; margin: 0 auto;"}
\

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/04/idoru/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2012/05/american-pain/).
:::
