English • Re: new page =failed. Reason: exist-test failed: Error execu
======================================================================

Date: 2016-07-14 15:14:53

Hi, thanks for your very detailed operations feedback. I think this is
very valuable for further improvements.\
I am not very experienced in running highly available YaCy peers. I have
only been running for my personal use one or two remote peers always up
for some months now, with index sizes of only a few Giga Bytes. I also
experienced loosing some indexed DATA but mainly because of manipulation
errors when starting playing with Docker.\
\
Maybe backing up your index with the \'Index Export\' feature
(/IndexExport\_p.html) and then importing would be a more reliable
solution rather than directly reusing DATA folders. Did you experiment a
little with this solution? (I don\'t know if it would perform in a
reasonable amount of time for data sets as large as yours\...)\
\
Another possibility I am thinking (but I didn\'t tried yet) could be to
use an external Solr Server rather than the default embedded one in
YaCy. Embedded Solr works fine and make YaCy an autonomous application,
but I am not sure it is a good option for large production data sets
(see Solr [wiki](https://wiki.apache.org/solr/EmbeddedSolr){.postlink}
and documentation
[documentation](https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/solr/Using+SolrJ#UsingSolrJ-EmbeddedSolrServer){.postlink}
about this).\
\
By the way, these kind of issues are not the most obvious ones to
investigate and solve. It would certainly help to perform some debugging
when you encounter the issue\... Maybe you have some people with
development skills in your group?

Statistik: Verfasst von
[luc](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9609)
--- Do Jul 14, 2016 2:14 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
