English • Re: Trying to get YaCy working with I2P, error, need help
===================================================================

Date: 2016-07-27 03:41:44

> <div>
>
> luc hat geschrieben:\
> Hi, how do you proceed to connect to your I2P peer? Did you create a
> custom Network Definition file (something like
> yacy.network.\[yournetwork\].unit) and used it in
> /ConfigNetwork\_p.html? I suppose this the first thing to do, as was
> done for the [ZeroNet
> network](https://github.com/yacy/yacy_search_server/blob/master/defaults/yacy.network.zeronet.unit){.postlink}
> for example\...\
> By the way, looking at your error stack trace, it looks like your peer
> tried to perform [DNS
> resolution](https://github.com/yacy/yacy_search_server/blob/master/source/net/yacy/cora/protocol/Domains.java#L876){.postlink}
> on your other peer address. Of course if did not found anything and
> returned null, but the null result is indeed not very well handled :
> it is likely the
> [ie.getHostAddress()](https://github.com/yacy/yacy_search_server/blob/master/source/net/yacy/peers/Protocol.java#L238){.postlink}
> instruction which triggers that obscure NullPointerException.\
> At that point, I have not currently enough YaCy network definitions
> knowldge to predict if it may be correctly configured to handle I2P
> without further developments, but maybe \@Orbiter will have some tips
> for you\...\
>
> </div>

\
\
I\'m new to YaCy, but below is the config:\

Code: 
:   `yacy.init (changes):network.unit.definition = defaults/yacy.network.i2p.unitnetwork.group.definition = defaults/yacy.network.i2p.groupremoteProxyUse=trueremoteProxyUse4SSL=trueremoteProxyHost=127.0.0.1remoteProxyPort=4444remoteProxyNoProxy=127\..*,localhostseedUploadMethod=FileseedFilePath=Data/eepsite/docroot/seed.txtseedURL=http://qbmqolrdw732vzqtrlp75zil4tr4nckh5onppzhhox2jbtymmasa.b32.i2p/seed.txtpeername=I2PYaCyyacyDebugMode=truestaticIP=kaddhgljo3u6gcktwtjsxrf7ok4sp7xdhw3k4vk67vehsjfxwo2q.b32.i2pbrowserPopUpTrigger=falseclienttimeout=90000crawler.clientTimeout=90000proxy.clientTimeout=90000indexControl.timeout=180000indexDistribution.timeout=180000indexTransfer.timeout=360000CRDistOn=falseCRDist1Target=proxyClient=localhost,127\.0\.0\.1`

\
\
The yacy.network.i2p.unit (for principle peer) is:\

Code: 
:   `network.unit.name=i2pworldnetwork.unit.description=Yacy network for I2Pnetwork.unit.domain=anynetwork.unit.search.time=4network.unit.dhtredundancy.junior=1network.unit.dhtredundancy.senior=1network.unit.bootstrap.seedlist0=http://qbmqolrdw732vzqtrlp75zil4tr4nckh5onppzhhox2jbtymmasa.b32.i2p/seed.txtnetwork.unit.update.location0=http://yacy.net/Download.html network.unit.update.location1=http://latest.yacy.de network.unit.protocol.control=uncontrolled`

\
The other peer has the \"network.unit.dhtredundancy.senior\" changed to
3.\
\
yacy.network.i2p.group file is empty.\
yacy.networks file contains:\
defaults/yacy.network.i2p.unit\
\
There are three total I2P tunnels being used. One is used for eepsite
indexing (port 4444), another is used for the seed.txt
(qbmqolrdw732vzqtrlp75zil4tr4nckh5onppzhhox2jbtymmasa.b32.i2p), and the
third is used for allowing access to the YaCy (YaCy port).\
\
For testing, one peer is a principle peer. The other a senior peer. Both
are ran on the same computer using different ports and different I2P
tunnels to avoid conflicts. Since the connections are going over I2P,
there shouldn\'t be a problem with this I wouldn\'t think. They seem to
be able to see each other, they seem to be able to exchange hellos. They
seem to have issues actually connecting to each other and the error in
the original post might be the culprit. The ultimate goal of this little
project is decentralized eepsite indexing on I2P. Nothing currently
exists like it on I2P and I want to bring it to I2P. Any help would be
appreciated.\
\
NOTE: Due to being new to YaCy, there may be problems with the
configuration. Everything other than the above is pretty much stock.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[mcradventures](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9689)
--- Mi Jul 27, 2016 2:41 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
