English • Re: YaCy as ZeroNet search engine
===========================================

Date: 2016-02-04 00:32:37

> <div>
>
> Orbiter hat geschrieben:\
> so many p2p hidden networks came up all the time the last years (I2P,
> IPFS, FreenetProject and ZeroNet). From what I know, most of these
> networks use a local proxy to connet to these networks and that means
> they appear to YaCy as localhost addess. To explain this no-localhost
> restriction again: this is there to protect your privacy. Without this
> restriction it could happen that information from your private
> intranet is shared to other peers.\
> \
> This means, the ‚YaCy not ready' for ‚X\' (X in hidden-web-networks)
> just refers to a simply ‚if' statement, not to the capabiliyt to crawl
> or index such networks. What we need here is a detailed profile of
> such networks so that we can define a network definition which opens
> the p2p restriction in YaCy in such a way that it detects that the
> ‚intranet' is a port to such networks with a defined proxy port and
> other netwok filters so that there is no danger that private data is
> shared by mistake.\
> \
> However, you can instantly simulate such a YaCy network for ‚X\' with
> the intranet network definition - this would give you a YaCy search
> engine for such a network but ‚just' without a sharing option. If this
> works we should then discover how we can create a pre-defined network
> definition for such networks which you could then select in
> /ConfigNetwork\_p.html\
>
> </div>

\
\
How exactly is YaCy currently detecting whether a URL is local? I gather
it just does a DNS lookup of the domain in the URL? There are a lot of
intricacies of getting this right, which are usually dependent on what
non-IP network is used. In Tor\'s case, most hidden services are
publicly accessible, but some require client authentication which is
done by the Tor daemon. Indexing an authenticated hidden service would
be very bad. I don\'t know if the Tor daemon\'s API gives an easy way to
detect whether a hidden service used client authentication. In
Namecoin\'s case, a domain can resolve to any IPv4/IPv6 address (which
should be easy to check for locality), but can also resolve to a Tor or
I2P hidden service, as well as Freenet, Zeronet, and CJDNS (although not
all of these are widely supported by current software). Namecoin might
also in the future support encrypted records. Unfortunately, I\'m not
even sure what the right policy is on indexing encrypted Namecoin sites,
because some domain owners would only use encrypted records to make
blockchain censorship more expensive, while others would be using it for
privacy. This is definitely worth thinking about. I don\'t know enough
about the systems other than Tor and Namecoin to know what their
requirements are, but I strongly suspect that many of them will have
their own unique issues to deal with. It is not as simple as
whitelisting .onion.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[biolizard89](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=8861)
--- Do Feb 04, 2016 12:32 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
