John Oliver\'s half hour monologue on Trump is amazing
======================================================

Date: 2016-11-15 21:42:40

::: {style="text-align: right; width: 70%; max-width: 640px; margin: 0 0 1em 1em; white-space: nowrap; float: right;"}
:::

[\"It\'s true! That
happened!\"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rSDUsMwakI)

> \"If you\'re like me, the implications of this have been hitting you
> in waves. One minute you\'re numb, and the next minute you realize
> that Donald Trump, this man, will soon have access to the nuclear
> codes. Then maybe you get distracted by daily life until it hits you
> again, oh, our future president was supported by a former Grand Wizard
> of the Klan, and sixty million people voted for him despite that. And
> then maybe you finally manage to get some sleep. But then you wake up
> realizing, oh shit, the Supreme Court! \[\...\]
>
> Now, it has been wave after wave of nausea all week. I woke up on
> Thursday feeling fractionally better, but then I turned on the TV and
> saw Trump in the Oval Office with President Obama. And just look at
> the President\'s face there! He cannot believe what he\'s looking at
> either! \[\...\]
>
> And then you remember, Trump\'s going to be in charge of the military!
> And leaders there do not know what to expect. \[\...\] Our
> President-Elect has, at various times, said he would bomb civilians,
> loot oil, and waterboard, which isn\'t so much a military strategy as
> the series of words that Donald Rumsfeld mutters so that he can stay
> hard while he\'s masturbating.
>
> Look, Trump won this election. Which means he won the Electoral
> College, which for reasons I will never understand no matter how many
> times it\'s explained to me is how things are done. And many people,
> it\'s important to remember, many people are happy to see him in
> office. \[\...\] But for the rest of us, we are faced with the same
> questions as a guy that woke up the day after a Vegas bachelor party,
> deep in the desert, naked, tied to a cactus and a dead clown.
>
> Namely: how the fuck did we get here, and what the fuck do we do
> now?\"
