YaCy Coding & Architecture • Re: Automated YaCy Docker image
============================================================

Date: 2016-07-08 02:40:08

Hi, I have played with Heroku deploy first. You can from now try
yourself the one-click deploy button for Heroku on [this
branch](https://github.com/luccioman/yacy_search_server/tree/heroku_experiments){.postlink}.\
\
Thus with a free Heroku account you should be able to run a YaCy peer in
senior mode (don\'t forget the only manual step : filling
MAVEN\_CUSTOM\_OPTS environment variable with
-Dyacy.staticIP=your\_app\_name.herokuapp.com, as explained in the open
deploy page).\
\
Remarks :\
- I transformed main Readme file from mediawiki syntax to markdown as it
is far easier and better documented to add button links in Markdown\
\
- YaCy Jetty server http port has to be bound to the PORT arbitrarily
chosen by Heroku, but external public port has to be set to 80, as
your\_app\_name.herokuapp.com is the only way to reach an Heroku
container from external machines. A small hack to serverSwitch.java do
the job on the branch for now. But in yacy.init file there is a property
named \"bindPort\", which looks like currently unused. It could be
convenient to use it and to be able to define both a local bindPort and
a public port in /Configbasic.html. What do you think about it?\
\
- I am now faced with a big limitation of YaCy deployment in Heroku :
files (Solr index, settings, logs\...) are correctly written to
container file system, but they are discarded each time the container
(Heroku call it a \"dyno\") is restarted. This is an Heroku feature and
this happens about once a day. So deploying in Heroku becomes quite
handy for testing purpose, or for YaCy first try, but it is not very
useful for long term use. Is it the same for loklak on Heroku or what is
the storage solution? To overcome this limitation, it is documented that
we should rely on cloud storage such as Amazon S3, but this would
involve much refactoring, especially to keep compatibility with local
file system storage for non-cloud peers. An intermediate solution could
be to use [Websolr
Add-on](https://elements.heroku.com/addons/websolr){.postlink} to store
solr index, but this is quite expensive (lowest price : 20 dollars a
month for only 20000 documents!)\...

Statistik: Verfasst von
[luc](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9609)
--- Fr Jul 08, 2016 1:40 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
