Beim Nato-Gipfel hat Obama ein paar mahnende Worte \...
=======================================================

Date: 2016-07-11 09:36:02

Beim Nato-Gipfel hat Obama ein paar mahnende Worte in Richtung Polen
gesprochen. Dort hatte im Oktober die Rechtsaußen \"Recht und
Gerechtigkeit\"-Partei gewonnen und:

> Since its election, the new government has taken steps that critics
> say eliminate the independence of Poland's top court, the
> Constitutional Tribunal, taken control of the main public broadcaster
> by installing a former politician as its head, and initiated
> prosecutions of members of the former ruling party.

Ja gut, das klingt ja jetzt schon nicht so vorteilhaft. Obama sah sich
also zu folgenden Worten genötigt:

> Obama's tough message on Friday, standing alongside Polish President
> Andrzej Duda, was that he "expressed to President Duda our concerns
> over certain actions and the impasse around the Poland's
> Constitutional Tribunal."
>
> "More work needs to be done," Obama said. "And as your friend and
> ally, we've urged all parties to work together to sustain Poland's
> democratic institutions."

[Und so hat der staatliche Fernsehsender das
synchronisiert](https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2016/07/09/obamas-tough-remark-about-polish-democracy-gets-twisted-on-polish-tv.html):

> "Ninety-five per cent of the meeting was about issues of NATO and
> security, but Obama praised Polish efforts at democracy," the reporter
> said. "Concerning the issue of the constitutional tribunal, he said he
> is sure that spreading democratic values in Poland will not stop."

Aha. Soso. Naja gut, aber die Leute verstehen ja sicher English. Da kann
man ja nicht nur falsch zusammenfassen, man muss ja auch einen Clip
zeigen. Wie haben sie denn das gelöst? Na sie haben ein bisschen
diplomatisches Geplänkel gebracht und den Kern der Aussage weggelassen.

Demokratie, Fuck Yeah!

> In the clip played on Polish television, Obama was also translated by
> a dubbed voice-over as saying that "Poland is and will be an example
> of democracy for the whole world."

Wer hat die noch gleich in die EU gelassen?
