Hilfe für Einsteiger und Anwender • CPU usage (GNU, like Slackware64, old PC) 100%\--can I limit?
=================================================================================================

Date: 2016-05-27 06:27:55

I\'ve been trying YaCy a few years on Slackware64, wanting to make
public node. However, YaCy eventually uses 100% or maybe even \'101%\'
CPU resources, according to the \'top\' command. I have YaCy on
Slackware64 14.1 GNU/Linux (stable, but with official updates) with AMD
Athlon X2 5600+ (about 2x2.9, or 5.8 GHz) (that I wasn\'t running much
else on but HTTPD for a rather plain, low-traffic site) and a want to
try it on a virtual private server with newer, Intel E5-2860 (but only
1x2.8 GHz) running several other programs. It\'s okay if YaCy uses most
my bigger server\'s CPU (preferably not all) but of course shouldn\'t on
the less powerful one. YaCY uses so much crawling my sites, but then
doesn\'t usually decrease usage. So, I\'m wondering how to limit YaCy\'s
system resource usage without crashing.\
\
I\'ve edited the version number in slackbuilds.org\'s JDK build script,
so installed JDK 8u92, but haven\'t tried it for YaCy yet (maybe other
stuff) as the intense usage happened for years and didn\'t seem merely a
Java problem.\
\
Someone said use Docker. It just seems too complicated, and the version
someone already set up wouldn\'t use my configuration. Is there a
simpler way, perhaps built-in to a recent YaCy version?\
\
I saw a similar Windows thread but didn\'t want to \'hijack\' that. I
don\'t understand much Deutsch, but can copy your replies into
translate.google.com (like translate.google.de), and people can discuss
other POSIX-based operating systems (GNU/Linux, etc.) and hardware in
this thread. It\'d be interesting to see how to do the same on BSDs,
though I don\'t use those so much anymore.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[dchmelik](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9677)
--- Fr Mai 27, 2016 5:27 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
