En:Update
=========

Date: 2016-05-08 18:05:59

Die Seite wurde neu angelegt: „= En:Update = == Development Releases ==
This description relies to a \'\' Debian-Jessie \'\' release. ===
Prerequisits: === As of May 2016 (Version: 1.83/9781), y..."

**Neue Seite**

<div>

= En:Update =\
== Development Releases ==\
This description relies to a \'\' Debian-Jessie \'\' release.\
=== Prerequisits: ===\
As of May 2016 (Version: 1.83/9781), you need \'\'\' java 1.7 \'\'\' and
\'\'\' ant \'\'\'\
(cf. \<YACY-installDir\>/yacy\_search\_server/readme.mediawiki).\
=== Download ===\
First, create a \' \'\' \<YaCy-installDir\> \'\' \' directory (e.g.
/opt/YaCy/) and \' cd \' to it.\
\$ cd /opt/YaCy\
Then download the latest YaCy-Version from the Github repository\
\$ git clone https://github.com/yacy/yacy\_search\_server\
=== Compilation ===\
Change to the YaCy-root directory \' \'\'yacy\_search\_server/\'\' \'
and compile YaCy\
\$ cd \<YACY-installDir\>/yacy\_search\_server/\
\$ ant clean all\
\
When the compilation has finished a new and empty \' \'\'DATA\'\' \'
directory has been created: \'
\<YACY-installDir\>/yacy\_search\_server/DATA \'.\
\
=== First Start ===\
Stay in the \'\' YaCy-root \'\' directory \'
\<YACY-installDir\>/yacy\_search\_server/ \' and start YaCy\
\$ ./startYACY.sh\
\
In a second terminal-window you can monitor YaCy\'s startup and running\
\$ cd \<YACY-installDir\>/yacy\_search\_server/DATA/LOG\
\$ tail -f yacy00.log\
If all went fine, YaCy is up now and running. If you like, you can stop
monitoring YaCy by sending\
\$ Ctrl-c\
in the second terminal window.\
\<br /\>\
\<br /\>\
As long as YaCy is running a file called \' \'\'yacy-running\'\' \' sits
in the \' \'\'DATA\'\' \' directory indicating yacy is up.\
\<br /\>\
Launch your browser and navigate to your YaCy webpage\
\<br /\>\
E.g.\
\$ iceweasel localhost:8090\
YaCy comes up with its search interface. Click on the \'
\'\'Administration\'\' \'-button in the upper right corner and change to
the administration page. Here you should assign a \'\'\'new
password\'\'\' and perhaps a \'\'\'new peername\'\'\' to your YaCy peer.
To do so, move your pointer to the upper left corner of the
administration page and click \' \'\'Use Case & Accounts\'\' \' in the
\' \'\'First Steps\'\' \' tab. The \' \'\'Basic Configuration\'\' \'
page opens. Fill in your new \' \'\'peer-name\'\' \' under item 3 and
finalize by clicking on \' \'\'Set Configuration\'\' \'.\
\<br /\>\
Then click on \' \'\'Use Case & Accounts \>\> Accounts\'\' \' in the
upper navigation bar and change to the \' \'\'User Administration\'\' \'
page. Check the \' \'\'Access only with qualified account\'\' \' radio
button and fill in an admin-name and password. Finalize with \'
\'\'Define Administrator\'\' \'.\
\<br /\>\
Before shutting down your host, shutdown YaCy by clicking on the \'
\'\'Shutdown\'\' \' button in the upper right corner of the page.
Depending on YaCy\'s burdon and activities the shutdown process can last
for while - so be patient. You can check this by inspecting the \'
\'\'yacy-running\'\' \' entry in the \' \'\'DATA\'\' \' directory. If
this file has vanished then YaCy is shutdowned.

</div>
