Im Yellowstone National Park im Norden der USA ist \...
=======================================================

Date: 2017-08-19 12:23:06

Im Yellowstone National Park im Norden der USA ist die [Caldera eines
riesigen Vulkans](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellowstone_Caldera),
der schon eine Weile überfällig ist. [Kürzlich gab es da eine Serie von
Erdbeben](http://www.newsweek.com/yellowstone-supervolcano-earthquake-swarm-eruption-risk-627189).

Das scheint doch dringender zu sein als bisher angenommen, denn [NASA
schlägt jetzt vor, den Vulkan von außen zu kühlen, um den Ausbruch
hinauszuzögern](http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20170817-nasas-ambitious-plan-to-save-earth-from-a-supervolcano).
Money Quote:

> "I was a member of the Nasa Advisory Council on Planetary Defense
> which studied ways for Nasa to defend the planet from asteroids and
> comets," explains Brian Wilcox of Nasa's Jet Propulsion Laboratory
> (JPL) at the California Institute of Technology. "I came to the
> conclusion during that study that the supervolcano threat is
> substantially greater than the asteroid or comet threat."

ALLE MANN PANIK!!!

Für mich klingt das ja wie eine Win-Win-Situation. Der Vulkan produziert
Hitze, wenn man die abführen könnte, wäre die Gefahr geringer, und wir
haben die Technologie, um aus Hitze unter der Erde Strom zu erzeugen.
Baut da ein Geothermie-Kraftwerk hin! Und tatsächlich, das schlagen die
vor:

> "Yellowstone currently leaks around 6GW in heat," Wilcox says.
> "Through drilling in this way, it could be used to create a geothermal
> plant, which generates electric power at extremely competitive prices
> of around \$0.10/kWh. You would have to give the geothermal companies
> incentives to drill somewhat deeper and use hotter water than they
> usually would, but you would pay back your initial investment, and get
> electricity which can power the surrounding area for a period of
> potentially tens of thousands of years. And the long-term benefit is
> that you prevent a future supervolcano eruption which would devastate
> humanity."
