English • Re: Disk space problem
================================

Date: 2017-07-24 21:03:30

Hello,\
\
following your idea, will result in lower disk-usage, but you will also
loose a lot of additional Information.\
\
YaCy uses multiple indexes - think of which is needed.\
At Index Administration -\> Index Source & Targets
(/IndexFederated\_p.html) you can switch them on and of.\
\
The Solr Search Index ist the core and YaCy won\'t be useful without
that - so this can\'t be switched off.\
\
There are 2 kinds of Web Structure Index. This index is about the
references between pages and sites. Without them YaCy will only loose
some of its Index quality. I also don\'t use them in the Freeworld.\
If you uncheck the citation Index, you can remove the
SEGMENTS/default/citation.index\* files once you shut down YaCy.\
If you uncheck the webgraph index you can remove the
SEGMENTS/solr\_6\_6/webgraph directory once you shut down YaCy.\
\
The Reverse Word Index is used to distribute your index to other peers
in the Network. That\'s why I not recommend to uncheck this - but if
doing so you can remove SEGMENTS/default/text.index\* files once you
shut down YaCy.\
But there is a way to reduce the data used by the Reverse Word Index.\
You may want to limit the count of references per word(-hash) by setting
System Administration -\> Advanced Properties. Set the Key
index.maxReferences to the value of 10000 for eg. This will remove the
oldest References per word during merge of
SEGMENTS/default/citation.index\* files.\
If you have a System that is able to handle huge files (64Bit JRE) you
can change the key filesize.max.other / filesize.max.win (depending on
your OS) to 21474836470 (20GB) for eg.\
The bigger the Filesize, the lower space is wasted.\
(These change will need a restart of YaCy)\
\
The Solr Search Index can be optimized to larger files too - with the
same result in wasting less space. At Index Administration -\> Optimize
Solr (/IndexControlURLs\_p.html) you can merge the index to a few
(larger) files, without loosing anything.\
\
Please be careful while following these steps! (Backup, etc.)\
And keep in mind that larger files truly do save space - but there needs
to be room to write them, while the old ones are not deleted.\
You need at least the volume for next largest file.\
\
Cu, sixcooler.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[sixcooler](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=274)
--- Mo Jul 24, 2017 8:03 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
