Fetlife sind nicht die einzigen, die von der Payment-Industrie \...
===================================================================

Date: 2017-01-28 16:07:26

Fetlife sind nicht die einzigen, die von der Payment-Industrie
existenziell bedroht werden. Ich habe gerade eine Mail vom
Tor-Aktivisten Moritz Bartl gekriegt, in der er eine Mail von Bitpay
zitiert:

    Subject:        [BitPay Support Team] Re: Important: Notice for deactivation
    of account as of 31 January 2017
    Date:   Tue, 24 Jan 2017 17:13:47 +0000
    From:   support@bitpay.com
    Reply-To:       support@bitpay.com
    To:     donate <donate@torservers.net>



    ##- Please type your reply above this line -##

    Your request has been marked as solved. To reopen this request, please
    reply to this email.

    Liya Belen

    *Liya Belenska* (BitPay Support Team)

    Jan 24, 12:13 PM EST

    Hello Moritz,

    Unfortunately, it has come to our attention that your business presents
    a higher risk for us and therefore we will no longer be able to service
    you. More specifically, we have seen a number of higher risk
    transactions during our routine monitoring program and this has led to
    the decision to close your account. Your pending funds will be fully
    settled per your normal settlement instructions.

    In order to give you the opportunity to take measures such as informing
    your customers or looking for an alternative solution, the termination
    of services will become effective as of 31 January 2017.

    Please be sure to obtain any information that you might need from the
    merchant dashboard within a week, as your account will be deactivated on
    31 January 2017.

    Please note our decision is final and a re-instatement of transaction
    capabilities after 31 January 2017 is not possible.

    Our apologies for any inconvenience.

    Kind regards,

Ich habe den Eindruck, dass wir mal dringend ein von solchen Probleme
freies Zahlsystem brauchen.

Moritz schreibt noch, dass er nur drei (saubere) Transaktionen gesehen
hat auf dem Account, und von keinen riskanten Sachen weiß.
