Pro-Tipp: In den USA Bananenschalen nicht in die Umwelt \...
============================================================

Date: 2017-09-06 08:53:56

Pro-Tipp: In den USA Bananenschalen nicht in die Umwelt schmeißen, wenn
kein Mülleimer da ist.

[Sonst passiert sowas
hier](http://thedmonline.com/greek-life-retreat-ends-abruptly-bias-concerns/).

> This weekend, leaders from Ole Miss Greek life convened upon Camp
> Hopewell in Lafayette County for a three-day retreat designed to build
> leaders and bring campus closer together. The retreat was cut short
> Saturday night, however, after three black students found a banana
> peel in a tree in front of one of the camp's cabins.

Ole Miss ist die University of Mississippi, die übrigens in Oxford,
Mississippi, sitzt. Greek ist der Begriff für das System aus
Studentenvereinigungen, die Fraternities und Sororoties.

> "To be clear, many members of our community were hurt, frightened, and
> upset by what occurred at IMPACT ... Because of the underlying reality
> many students of color endure on a daily basis, the conversation
> manifested into a larger conversation about race relations today at
> the University of Mississippi," Arndt wrote in the letter acquired by
> The DM.

Keine Sorge, die Uni hat schnell reagiert und das Treffen abgebrochen,
bevor jemand zu Tode kam.

> "As the staff member responsible for the wellbeing of our community, I
> felt it was imperative to provide space immediately to students
> affected by this incident to allow them an opportunity to voice their
> pain and concern," Arndt wrote in her statement.

Wer nicht versteht, wieso jemand ein Problem mit einer Bananenschale
haben würde: Das ist in den USA anscheinend ein übliches Werkzeug von
Rassisten, die Schwarze mit Affen vergleichen.

> She said the image was especially disturbing in light of an incident
> on American University's campus in May of this year. The morning
> Taylor Dumpson was to take over as the school's first female black
> student government president, students found bananas hanging from
> nooses across campus. Some of the bananas were inscribed with
> references to Dumpson's sorority, Alpha Kappa Alpha.

In diesem Fall hat sich derjenige schnell gemeldet, der die
Bananenschale da hinterlegt hat.

> In the midst of the open and sometimes heated discussion, senior
> accounting major Ryan Swanson said he put the banana peel in the tree
> when he could not find a trashcan nearby.
