English • Re: Greetings, Salutations, & A Plea For Help
=======================================================

Date: 2017-04-05 15:46:47

Nice to meet you luc. I have no delusions about the difficulty or time
involved in this one. I\'m sure I\'ll always have to go back to big data
for some things. Right now I\'m running yacy on a vm with a single core
cpu and 1 GB of RAM. I did have a crawler going at one point just to see
how it would work, the system ran out of memory and crashed after one
day. Works fine without the crawler though. I can probably throw it one
more gig from my work station, we\'ll see.\
\
Crawling sites that I like would indeed improve my index, but it seems
like adding sites you already know about to your search database kind of
defeats the purpose of web search anyway. Probably going to have to
figure out the ranking thing\
\
One of the things I love about yacy is that my searches do not have to
leave my own local network. This means that, malware aside, I don\'t
have to worry about any sort of MITM attack. When it leaves my LAN the
data would be vulnerable. In the U.S. there is new legislation being
discussed that would allow all ISPs to monitor all internet traffic and
sell the information off to whomever they choose. Strong encryption
would be useful in preventing this.\
\
Anyhow, I appreciate all the advice. I will definately check out the
links. Have a great day and thanks for getting back.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[jerk](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9748)
--- Mi Apr 05, 2017 2:46 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
