\"There\'s way worse videos\"
=============================

Date: 2017-05-10 09:58:31

[Today\'s students on Rodney
King:](https://thesocietypages.org/socimages/2017/05/08/theres-way-worse-videos-todays-students-on-the-la-riots-and-rodney-king/)

> I mentioned Rodney King in an Intro to American Government class. I
> got the blank \"Is that a thing we are supposed to know?\" look that I
> have come to recognize when students hear about something that
> happened more than six months ago. \"Rodney King?\" More blinking.
> \"Can someone tell why the name Rodney King is important?\"
>
> One student, god bless her, raised her hand. I paraphrase: \"He was
> killed by the police and it caused the LA Riots.\" I noted that, no,
> he did not die, but the second part of the statement was indirectly
> true. God bless technology in the classroom \-- I pulled up the grainy
> VHS-camcorder version of the video, as well as a transcript of the
> audio analysis presented at trial. We watched, and then talked a bit
> about the rioting following the acquittal of the LAPD officers at
> trial. They kept doing the blinking thing. I struggled to figure out
> what part of this relatively straightforward explanation had managed
> to confuse them.
>
> \"Are there questions? You guys look confused.\"
>
> Hand. \"So he was OK?\"
>
> \"He was beaten up pretty badly, but, ultimately he was. He died a few
> years ago from unrelated causes (note: in 2012).\"
>
> Hand. \"It\'s kind of weird that everybody rioted over that. I mean,
> there\'s way worse videos.\" General murmurs of agreement. \[\...\]
>
> This is a generation of kids so numb to seeing videos of police
> beating, tasering, shooting, and otherwise applying the power of the
> state to unarmed and almost inevitably black or Hispanic men that they
> legitimately could not understand why a video of cops beating up a
> black guy (who *didn\'t even die* for pete\'s sake!) was shocking
> enough to cause a widespread breakdown of public order. \[\...\]
>
> These kids have grown up in a world where this is background noise. It
> is part of the static of life in the United States. Whether these
> incidents outrage them or are met with the usual excuses (Comply
> faster, dress differently, be less Scary) the fact is that they happen
> so regularly that retaining even one of them in long term memory is
> unlikely. To think about Rodney King is to imagine a reality in which
> it was actually kind of shocking to see a video of four cops kicking
> and night-sticking an unarmed black man over the head repeatedly. Now
> videos of police violence are about as surprising and rare as weather
> reports, and forgotten almost as quickly once passed.
