Diese Woche sollen Dokumente aus der Frühzeit der \...
======================================================

Date: 2017-04-19 11:42:39

[Diese Woche sollen Dokumente aus der Frühzeit der Uno veröffentlicht
werden](https://www.theguardian.com/law/2017/apr/18/opening-un-holocaust-files-archive-war-crimes-commission),
die in den Nürnberger Nazi-Kriegsverbrecher-Tribunalen von der Anklage
verwendet wurden, und danach in der Versenkung verschwanden, weil die
Amerikaner fanden, dass die Kommunismusbekämpfung wichtiger sei als die
Nazi-Bekämpfung. Die sollen jetzt frei zugänglich werden, auch im
Internet. Und viel davon vermittelt anscheinend neue Einsichten in den
Holocaust.

> Plesch, who is the director of the Centre for International Studies
> and Diplomacy at Soas in the University of London, had to get special
> permission to read the documents, which were closely guarded by the UN
> in New York.
>
> Only researchers who received authority from their government and
> consent from the UN secretary general were allowed to read them, and
> they were not allowed to take notes or copies. Plesch helped persuade
> diplomats, including the then US ambassador at the UN, Samantha Power,
> to release the secret material.

Das sind ja Zustände wie bei den TTIP-Verhandlungen!1!!

> "This is a huge resource for combating Holocaust denial," Plesch said.
> "The German national authorities were never given access to the
> archive by the allies after the war. All of this has never seen the
> light of day."
