Oh wow! Faszinierendes Zeitdokument: Die ACLU 1934 \...
=======================================================

Date: 2017-08-19 12:23:09

Oh wow! Faszinierendes Zeitdokument: [Die ACLU 1934 zu der Frage, ob man
die Grundrechte von Nazis verteidigen
solle](http://documents.latimes.com/aclu-asks-1934-shall-we-defend-free-speech-nazis-america/).
Also *echte* Nazis damals.

> SOME of our members have sharply criticized the Union for championing
> the right of German-American Nazis to hold meetings and to conduct
> their propaganda.

Die ACLU argumentiert in dem Pamphlet dann, dass dieselben Leute kein
Problem damit hätten, wenn sich Mussolini-Anhänger träfen, oder wenn die
ACLU das Recht des KKK verteidigt, sich zu treffen.

Das war mir nicht bewusst, dass die ACLU den KKK verteidigt hat. Leider
liegt das da als gescannte Bitmaps vor. ~~Vielleicht findet sich ja
jemand, der das nach Text wandelt.~~ \[**Update**: Oben gibt es einen
Reiter dafür, \"Text\"\] Einen Auszug und ein bisschen Kontext [findet
man auf dieser
Libertarismus-Webseite](https://www.libertarianism.org/publications/essays/you-cant-do-eternal-vigilance),
die ich mal zitieren will, weil das so bemerkenswert ist:

> In being consistently libertarian the **Liberties Union has never
> hesitated to take action involving its principles** when that action
> was to the benefit of suppressive, intolerant, demagogic, and
> generally anti-libertarian elements. **In 1934, for example, it sent
> its general counsel to aid the Friends of New Germany, a Nazi
> organization**, in court proceedings to break down a lawless
> prohibition of their meeting in New Jersey.
>
> This logical gesture was a shock to the howling enemies of the Union,
> who continually accuse it of being "pro-Communist" because so many of
> the men and women defended from illegal attacks are workers. It was
> even criticized by members who would except the German Fascists from
> their tolerance for the rather good reason that since the Nazis in
> Germany suppress all civil liberties, their agents should be permitted
> none in America. Moreover, there was the knowledge that free speech
> and assemblage would be denied us if these same German Nazis got
> control of local, city or state government anywhere in America.

Also GENAU DIE Argumente, die jetzt auch kommen. 1934.

Und hier ist, wie die ACLU damals argumentiert hat.

> Some years ago, when the Ku Klux Klan was invading the north, Mayor
> Curley of Boston, a Catholic, denied this terroristic body the right
> to hold a meeting and have speeches, but here again the Union
> protested, not because it had any love for the sheeted and dangerous
> yokels, but because it knew that **if the Mayor suppressed the Klan he
> would lawlessly stop others he disliked --- birth control advocates,
> union organizers, pacifists**, etc. **"And," continues the report, "he
> did.** Our protest began when his lawless suppression began. We do not
> choose our clients. Lawless authorities denying their rights choose
> them for us."

Aus heutiger Sicht ist lustig, dass die Linken damals als \"radicals\"
bezeichnet wurden, und das anscheinend auch selbst auf sich angewendet
haben. Heute nennen die sich ja eher \"progressiv\", was ja wohl mal die
bekloppteste Bezeichnung aller Zeiten ist.

Hier ist jedenfalls, was die ACLU 1934 zu dem Nazi-Fall gesagt hat:

> "Few of our critics," replied the Union, "take a frankly class
> position on the exercise of free speech, as do the Communists ---
> denying to reactionaries the rights they seek for themselves. Emotions
> of hate and intolerance alone lead them to outlaw the Nazis.
>
> But if the Union yielded to such critics, and condoned the denial of
> rights to Nazi propagandists, **in what position would it be to
> champion the rights of others**? Shall we choose to defend only
> progressive or radical causes? And if we do, how best can we defend
> them? **Is it not clear that free speech as a practical tactic, not
> only an abstract principle, demands defense of the rights of *all* who
> are attacked in order to obtain the rights of *any*?**"

Und dann fragen sie ganz pointiert, ob daher nicht die beste Methode,
die Rechte von Kommunisten zu schützen sei, die selben Rechte bei den
Nazis zu schützen. Denn sonst hätte man, wenn das Rechtebeschneiden bei
den Kommunisten ankommt, kein Standing mehr vor Gericht, wenn man das
vorher bei den Nazis durchgehen ließ.

Und die ACLU hat sich das nicht einfach gemacht, denn:

> It was on precisely such a basis that our attorneys, both Jews, urged
> on the Mayer of New York the use of city property for a meeting of the
> persecutors of Jews, the Nazis; and that our general counsel, Arthur
> Garfield Hays, a Jew, aided the attorney for the Friends of New
> Germany (Nazi) in court proceedings to break down a lawless
> prohibition of their meetings in New Jersey.
>
> \[...\]
>
> We do not choose our clients. Lawless authorities denying their rights
> choose them for us.

Und dann kommt ein Argument, das ich so gestern abend auch gebracht
habe, aber besser formuliert:

> To those who advocate suppressing propaganda they hate, we ask\--where
> do you draw the line? They can answer only in the terms of
> revolutionists\--at our political enemies. **But experience shows that
> "political enemies" is a broad term, and has covered the breaking up
> even of working class meetings by rival working class organizations**.
> It illustrates the danger, and the impracticality of making any
> distinctions in defending rights sought by all.

Und natürlich haben sie auch das Argument mit Rassismus und Verfolgung
von Religionen gekriegt, und ihre Antwort darauf ist:

> To those who would suppress meetings where race or religious hatred is
> likely to be stirred up, the answer is simple, --- that there is no
> general agreement on what constitutes race or religious prejudice.
> **Once the bars are so let down, the field is open for all-comers to
> charge such prejudice** against any propagandists, --- Communists,
> Socialists, atheists, --- **even against Jews attacking the Nazis**.

So, und nachdem wir das alles gelesen haben, [kommt heute die
Zeitenwende bei der ACLU
rein](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-virginia-protests-aclu-idUSKCN1AY06L):

> The American Civil Liberties Union will no longer defend hate groups
> seeking to march with firearms, the Wall Street Journal reported on
> Thursday, a policy change that comes on the heels of protests by white
> nationalists and counter-protesters at the weekend in Virginia.

Wow. Money Quote:

> An ACLU spokeswoman confirmed the policy shift and said the concern
> over weapons was not something the group has had to contend with in
> the past.
>
> \"We've had people with odious views, all manner of bigots. **But not
> people who want to carry weapons and are intent on committing
> violence**,\" ACLU spokeswoman Stacy Sullivan said in a telephone
> interview.

Und das zieht mir hier gerade ganz schön die Schuhe aus. Woran macht man
fest, dass die auf Gewalt aus waren? Dürfte nach der Definition nicht
auch Präsident Trump keine Ralleys mehr machen?

**Update**: Besonders krass finde ich ja, dass der Dreh- und Angelpunkt
die Schusswaffen sind. Da bin ich ja voll bei ihnen. Die ACLU hat aber
auf der anderen Seite einen ewig langen Track Record, 2nd Amendment
Rights zu verteidigen. Für mich ist die logische Schlussfolgerung, jetzt
mal das 2nd Amendment zu überdenken. Aber das Fass will wieder niemand
aufmachen. Warum eigentlich nicht?
