Benutzt hier jemand exiv2 für EXIF-Parsing?When I \...
======================================================

Date: 2017-07-01 13:56:38

[Benutzt hier jemand exiv2 für
EXIF-Parsing](http://www.openwall.com/lists/oss-security/2017/06/30/1)?

> When I previously tried to report bugs in exiv2 found via fuzzing the
> upstream author made it clear to me that he has little interest in
> fixing those issues and doesn\'t consider his software suitable to
> parse defect files (which basically means it\'s unsuitable for
> untrusted input).

Weil [Das Bugtracking-System so schnarchlahm
ist](http://dev.exiv2.org/issues/1248), hier ein paar Money Quotes:

> Returning to Hanno\'s request that we say that Exiv2 is \"not suitable
> for untrusted input\". I will not do that. The default (for all open
> source software) is that the user must determine suitability for
> his/her purposes. **We do not claim that Exiv2 is safe for all files.
> I doubt if we could ever make such a claim** even if we pepper our
> code with checks for malicious images. I don\'t believe in 2016 that
> it is possible to guarantee the safety and reliability of any
> software.

Und

> I know nothing about hacking and exploiting buffer overflows. Perhaps
> we need more caution about them. This is a mind-boggling issue. The
> code to defend our image read/write code could be larger than the
> current library.

Wie schlimm ist es? So schlimm:

> Are you aware of the term \"fuzzing\"? I believe this is the art of
> creating illegal files to put software under stress. **I am aware that
> libexiv2 can be exploited in this way, however I have never had time
> to work on this topic.**
