\"tag: eyes, computers\", very much so.
=======================================

Date: 2017-10-23 07:06:03

::: {style="text-align: center; width: 70%; max-width: 640px; margin: 0 0 1em 1em; float: right;"}
\
\"Do you like our eye?\"   \"It\'s artificial?\"\
\"Of course it is.\"   \"Expensive?\"   \"Kinda.\"
:::

So I saw a video of a Gakken WorldEye running it\'s bundled animations
of planets rotating, and I thought, this might make a fun xscreensaver
output device: it\'s probably just a matter of tweaking the
`gluPerspective` parameters to de-fish-eye things in the right way.
There aren\'t *too* many savers that would benefit from a 180° display
\-- actually maybe only **glplanet**, **discoball**, **geodesicgears**
and **sonar** \-- but it\'s worth investigating.

Then I saw a video of one with a giant eyeball on it, and I thought,
\"How did I not think of that! It\'s cool that someone put a
pre-recorded MP4 of an eye on that thing, I should do something like
that but really *overengineer the living shit out of it*.\"

But oh no, this was not necessary.
[\@PaintYourDragon](https://twitter.com/PaintYourDragon) has done some
fine work here. It is [over-engineered well
beyond](https://learn.adafruit.com/animated-snake-eyes-bonnet-for-raspberry-pi/customizing-the-look)
what I had imagined. Customizable iris and sclera. Editable eyelid
profile. Different eyelids for left, right and cyclops eyes. Pupil
dilation controlled by a photoreceptor. Button inputs for blinking and
winking. It\'s fantastic.

(I am actually slightly surprised that cat and goat-shaped pupils are
not already supported. One must assume that that\'s coming in the next
release.)

Anyway, the first WorldEye I ordered arrived non-functional. The
firmware appears to be alive, but the little internal projector won\'t
light up. I tore it apart and it lit up for a minute, but then stopped
again, so there\'s probably some microscopic cracked trace somewhere.
The second one worked fine, though.

There seems to be no way to make it default to HDMI input, so if it ever
loses power it won\'t start looking at you without being fiddled with.
But, it does provide enough juice on USB to run the Pi, so that\'s
handy.
