GIFs as MP4s
============

Date: 2017-10-13 13:58:56

Trying something new here on Ye Olde Blogge: animated GIFs are now
served as MP4s in a `VIDEO` tag. That saves a vast of bandwidth since
GIF is literally the worst of all possible video formats. Like, 830MB of
images drops to 72MB. Twitter and Giphy and whatnot have been doing this
for a while now (though Twitter, since they are dicks, make it
impossible to download the original unconverted GIF data, even via the
API).

It\'s actually pretty tricky to convert a GIF to an MP4 in the general
case, since GIFs have variable frame rate (really, an arbitrary delay
after each frame, which can be different for each one), plus they can be
transparent, which MP4s cannot be. You\'d think that ImageMagick or
`ffmpeg` would just *do the right thing* on this common task that lots
of people want these days, but no, that\'s crazy talk. I\'m converting
them using the all-singing all-dancing image-and-video resizer that I
wrote, [resize.pl](https://www.jwz.org/hacks/#resize), which uses
ImageMagick to extract each frame as a PNG then constructs an incredibly
hairy `ffmpeg` command to put it all back together with the proper frame
timing.

(Seriously, it\'s insane, it looks like this, and this is for just 6
frames:
`-vf zoompan=d=0+'24*eq(in,0)'+'24*eq(in,1)'+'24*eq(in,2)'+'24*eq(in,3)'+'24*eq(in,4)'+'24*eq(in,5)',scale=600:92`)

Then after that, part of my WordPress theme sees `IMG` tags with GIFs in
them and converts those to `VIDEO` tags. (I had to go through and
indicate the old GIFs that are *not* animations to make that work. Did
you know that people used to use GIFs for things that were not
animations? I *know!* So weird!)

People say that you should be able to do

and that should degrade kind of like `<NOSCRIPT>` does, using the
`SOURCE` in browsers that understand `VIDEO` and falling back to the
`IMG` in older browsers\... but from watching the network, I could see
that Safari was loading the video, and then loading the GIF as well! So
that kind of defeats the entire purpose, so I\'m omitting the `IMG`. If
your browser doesn\'t support `VIDEO` I guess it sucks to be you. That
does make it harder to copy images, though, and that\'s annoying and
dumb.

Let me know if you see any problems.

If things are escaping their boxes or otherwise the wrong size, try
emptying your cache and shift-reloading. I ticked the cachebuster number
on my CSS but browser caches have been an incomprehensible disaster
since 1994, so who the hell knows what they are doing.

I\'ve noticed a couple of weird things. In Chrome, I had to add
`overflow:hidden` to `".widget_jwz_previously a"`. This wasn\'t
necessary in Safari, but in Chrome it also has the effect of clipping
off the border on the left and right sides, which sucks.

I\'ve also noticed that sometimes the `AUTOPLAY` does not autoplay. Or
maybe it\'s that `LOOP` stops? No idea why that is. It\'s doing
something inexplicable on desktop Safari and something doubly and
differently inexplicable on iOS.

Actually I\'m finding that \"no autoplay\" thing *super* annoying, and
if I can\'t figure out what\'s going on there I may just go back to
GIFs, even though they are more than 10× larger. Sigh.

\
**Update:**

I think I see what\'s going on with Safari: if a `VIDEO` tag is either
above or below the fold at the time that you *load the page*, it will
never autoplay, even after it scrolls into view. I can make videos in
the comments here and in the \"Previously\" sidebar either play or not
depending on where the scrollbar happened to be when I hit reload.
That\'s fucked up.

\
**Update 2:**

Since Safari (both desktop and iOS) like to ignore `AUTOPLAY`, it looks
like one way to work around that is to put this Javascript in the
document footer:

(I thought that merely being after all of the `VIDEO` tags would be
sufficient, but no, being after `DOMContentLoaded` seems to also be
required.)

This hack still means that most videos won\'t autoplay in browsers that
have Javascript turned off, and videos won\'t show up *at all* in old
browsers that don\'t support the `VIDEO` tag. Those might at first sound
like weird cases you can ignore, except one or both of those cases
probably includes \"every RSS reader\".

So `VIDEO` is not *at all* a drop-in replacement for `IMG` with animated
GIFs. However, the bandwidth savings is so significant that it might be
worth doing anyway.

\
[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/09/compressing-jpegs/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2015/05/gif-keyboard/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2013/12/its-leaking-again-3/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2014/09/i-have-ported-xscreensaver-to-youtube/).
