English • Need help with reaching peer from outside. Bug?
=========================================================

Date: 2017-03-13 23:57:15

Hello everyone,\
\
I have a spare linux (ubuntu) server that\'s been online for few years
and I thought it would make an excellent crawler/Yacy node. I installed
and configured the machine - everything according to the YouTube video.
Nearly everything works perfectly.\
\
One major problem: \"Your peer cannot be reached from outside (which is
not fatal, but would be good for the YaCy network); please open your
firewall for this port and/or set a virtual server option in your router
to allow connections on this port. Opening a router port is not a
YaCy-specific task; you can see instruction videos everywhere in the
internet, just search for Open Ports on a \<our-router-type\> Router and
add your router type as search term. However: if you fail to open a
router port, you can nevertheless use YaCy with full functionality, the
only function that is missing is on the side of the other YaCy users
because they cannot see your peer.\"\
\
The problem: I do not have any type of firewall on the system (I\'m 100%
certain), and the machine is on DMZ with 8090 open, guaranteed. There is
no firewall on the router, and nothing is blocking the port.
CanYouSeeMe.org verifies that the port is open, and just about any port
scanner says the same. Yet I\'m unable to contribute my crawl to the
network.\
\
Any suggestions would be greatly appreciated.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[paul89](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9745)
--- Mo Mär 13, 2017 11:57 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
