An annotated digest of the top \"Hacker\" \"News\" posts.
=========================================================

Date: 2017-02-28 23:04:41

[n-gate:](http://n-gate.com/)

> -   Functional programmers, realizing that their entire discipline is
>     rendered inconsistent and useless the instant it is faced with
>     herculean tasks such as \"I/O\" and \"users\", finally admit for
>     the record that it\'s better to do literally anything else when
>     these tasks arise. Satisfying termninology like \'free monad\' and
>     \'applicative functors\' are bandied about as Hackernews tries to
>     decide if you want imperative nougat with functional candy shell,
>     or functional fruit filling with a flaky imperative pastry
>     surrounding it. Nobody stops to wonder if the functional wizardry
>     compiles to imperative code, or whether the processor gives a shit
>     if your source code looks good in LaTeX. One Hackernews admits he
>     doesn\'t know what these people are jabbering about; all users in
>     agreement are ritually downvoted. In accordance with federal law,
>     someone asks how this compares with Rust.
> -   A spammer posts his bullshit, the 21st-century equivalent of
>     motivational speaking, only with fewer ticket sales and more ebook
>     download links. A Hackernews shark attack ensues as everyone
>     realizes it is finally on-topic to desperately plead for any
>     possible scrap of advice on how to actually make money. Not
>     discussed: how to start a startup without ruining anyone else\'s
>     life.
> -   A webshit, based on his hobby project, decides that the entire web
>     advertising market is a lie. He\'s right, but for the wrong
>     reasons. Hackernews trades tips on convincing themselves their
>     entire industry isn\'t a sack of bullshit.
> -   People hired to look at terrible shit forty hours a week tend to
>     go crazy. Hackernews decides this must be why cops are all
>     assholes and that the solution is more cops. One Hackernews
>     suggests just hiring perverts.
> -   The New York Times \-- world\'s leading authority on San Francisco
>     \-- tells us that San Francisco is a microcosm of America.
>     Hackernews spends equal time telling each other how to donate
>     money toward fixing problems and telling each other that donating
>     money will not fix any problems. Nobody realizes Hackernews users
>     are the problem, including the New York Times.
> -   A leisure studies major vomits a couple thousand words of
>     dime-store evolutionary psychology. Hackernews seizes on the
>     opportunity to delude themselves into believing that their
>     crippling anxiety and ever-increasing depression are what makes
>     them better than you.
> -   Hackernews is concerned that stupid poor people might not realize
>     they are less alive if they choose to entertain themselves instead
>     of working ceaselessly unto death. The behavior of children is
>     held up by the childless as an example for us all. Some dipshit
>     thinks running his website is akin to preagricultural survival.
>     Dimly, a few Hackernews users experiment with the idea that money
>     and public acclaim are not the only route to happiness, but this
>     heresy is drowned out by the relentless insistance that being rich
>     is the only way to experience joy.
> -   An idiot posts to Medium a rambling narrative regarding the
>     importance of his phone app. Hackernews maintains the only way to
>     be sure your shit is right is to host all of your own
>     communications tools. Google Analytics silently notes which
>     citizens have been contaminated with toxins inimical to
>     surveillance capitalism. The machine sleeps.

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2013/12/lol-my-thesis/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2008/03/six-word-reviews-of-763-sxsw-mp3s/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/02/noted-fascist-collaborator-peter-thiel-has-managed-to-compromise-the-aclu/),
[previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2016/12/mass-deportations-will-make-peter-thiel-even-richer/).
