Eine US-Professorin forscht zu Social Media Verschwörungstheorien. \...
=======================================================================

Date: 2017-03-31 22:16:09

[Eine US-Professorin forscht zu Social Media
Verschwörungstheorien](http://www.seattletimes.com/seattle-news/politics/uw-professor-the-information-war-is-real-and-were-losing-it/).
Money Quote:

> It isn't a traditional left-right political axis, she found. There are
> right-wing sites like Danger & Play and left-wing sensationalizers
> such as The Free Thought Project. Some appear to be just trying to
> make money, while others are aggressively pushing political agendas.
>
> The true common denominator, she found, is anti-globalism --- deep
> suspicion of free trade, multinational business and global
> institutions.
>
> "To be antiglobalist often included being anti-mainstream media,
> anti-immigration, anti-science, anti-U.S. government, and
> anti-European Union," Starbird says.

Und

> Starbird is publishing her paper as a sort of warning. The information
> networks we've built are almost perfectly designed to exploit
> psychological vulnerabilities to rumor.
>
> "Your brain tells you 'Hey, I got this from three different
> sources,' " she says. "But you don't realize it all traces back to the
> same place, and might have even reached you via bots posing as real
> people. If we think of this as a virus, I wouldn't know how to
> vaccinate for it."
>
> Starbird says **she's concluded, provocatively, that we may be headed
> toward "the menace of unreality --- which is that nobody believes
> anything anymore**." Alex Jones, she says, is "a kind of prophet.
> There really is an information war for your mind. And we're losing
> it."

Und damit wären wir wieder bei [Surkows Confusion
Politics](http://alternativlos.org/37/).
