English • Re: Yacy won\'t re-start
==================================

Date: 2017-05-15 19:16:20

Thanks for sharing your experience. It looks like there is really
something to dig regarding this problem with file descriptors\... I will
try to reproduce your scenario when having some time.\
\

> <div>
>
> \
> I guess it\'s normal for Java to use large amounts of memory when
> it\'s available, I just wanted to let you know my experience.\
>
> </div>

\
For sure Java lets more easily fill the available memory when using some
structures without limitations. But in the end to my mind this really
depends on how the application code is organized an is not so much
related to Java. In YaCy there are many places where controls are
performed on the available memory, so it is not a surprise to me that it
uses much when much is available\... which doesn\'t mean that YaCy
necessarily needs so large amounts of memory to run fine.\
\

> <div>
>
> \
> I installed Yacy on my laptop too, and I tried submitting the same
> query on the server and on the laptop. The results are different\
>
> </div>

\
Yes, in peer-to-peer mode this may sound a bit surprising but it is the
expected behavior, at least with the current YaCy architecture. When
performing a search in p2p mode, some peers among the network are
selected to be requested and to aggregate results from, and the
selection rules even include some Randomness. Thus we can not obtain a
deterministic behavior (like in Solr Cloud) in this p2p mode because
each node has its own index and its own blacklisting and crawling rules,
and is not supposed to obey to some master(s) node rules. The index
distribution over the nodes accepting to receive remote index parts
(DHT-in) is made to homogenize a bit the whole distributed index, but in
the end the behavior is not deterministic\... but after a long running
time of your two YaCy peers I guess you should obtain more similar
results.\
I hope this answer a bit to your question.

Statistik: Verfasst von
[luc](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9609)
--- Mo Mai 15, 2017 6:16 pm

------------------------------------------------------------------------
