This week\'s \"Hacker\" \"News\" annotations are pretty good.
=============================================================

Date: 2017-04-02 01:57:46

[n-gate:](http://n-gate.com/hackernews/2017/03/31/0/)

> -   The United States Senate continues the war against their own
>     users. One Hackernews suspects some kind of massive federal
>     conspiracy to censor comments on reddit.com. Another suddenly
>     realizes that people might disagree about things for reasons other
>     than ignorance, and becomes distressed. The rest of the comments
>     are people arguing about technical methods to work around the
>     user-tracking they implement in their day jobs.
> -   Google continues the war against their own users. The XMPP
>     Memorial Society trades barbs about whose fault it is that a
>     misdesigned overengineered shitshow of a protocol failed to gain
>     traction amongst non-erlang enthusiasts. Every single messaging
>     platform in current existence is held up as Obviously The Future.
>     Hackernews tries to figure out what Google\'s master plan is, and
>     why Google is working so hard to make it look like aimless
>     poorly-managed floundering. IRCv3 continues to be a retarded pile
>     of solutions to the wrong problems.
> -   The United States House of Representatives continues the war
>     against their own users. Hackernews is outraged, presumably
>     because the rules will now enable other companies to compete with
>     Google in the lucrative Fuck Everybody\'s Privacy market sector.
>     The entire comment thread is just Hackernews arguing about
>     political shit and deciding which elected officials are betraying
>     the American people. Not a single goddamn Hackernews makes the
>     obvious connection to the shit they do at work all day for a
>     living. The tacit consensus: Hackernews isn\'t bad for creating
>     the tools of surveillance capitalism; Congress is bad for letting
>     people use them.
> -   Some academics figure out how to make shit in pictures look like
>     shit in other pictures. One Hackernews notices that the machine
>     learning papers have largely stopped relying on mathematics or any
>     other scientific endeavor; the others are ready with reassurances
>     that someone will get around to formal research sooner or later.
>     All this stuff is super worthwhile in the meantime because we can
>     just keep passing around training sets verbatim and treating them
>     as infallible, just like we do with node.js libraries! Both the
>     machine learning community and the web development community are
>     completely free of charlatans! Scout\'s honor!

[Previously](https://www.jwz.org/blog/2017/02/an-annotated-digest-of-the-top-hacker-news-posts/).
