Naomi Klein rechnet mit dem Pariser Klimagipfel ab.The \...
===========================================================

Date: 2017-06-02 15:20:48

[Naomi Klein rechnet mit dem Pariser Klimagipfel
ab](https://theintercept.com/2017/06/01/will-trumps-slow-mo-walkaway-world-in-flames-behind-him-finally-provoke-consequences-for-planetary-arson/).

> The fact that the agreement only commits governments to keeping
> warming below an increase of 2 degrees, rather than a much safer firm
> target of 1.5 degrees, was lobbied for and won by the United States.
>
> The fact that the agreement left it to individual nations to determine
> how much they were willing to do to reach that temperature target,
> allowing them to come to Paris with commitments that collectively put
> us on a disastrous course towards more than 3 degrees of warming, was
> lobbied for and won by the United States.
>
> The fact that the agreement treats even these inadequate commitments
> as non-binding, which means governments apparently do not have
> anything to fear if they ignore their commitments, is something else
> that was lobbied for and won by the United States.
>
> The fact that the agreement specifically prohibits poor countries from
> seeking damages for the costs of climate disasters was lobbied for and
> won by the United States.
>
> The fact that it is an "agreement" or an "accord" and not a treaty ---
> the very thing that makes it possible for Trump to stage his
> action-movie slow-mo walk away, world in flames behind him --- was
> lobbied for and won by the United States.
>
> I could go on. And on.

Ja, äh, danke. Reicht.
