English • Re: Greetings, Salutations, & A Plea For Help
=======================================================

Date: 2017-04-05 09:37:42

Hi guys, yes these times you won\'t be annoyed by plenty of messages on
this forum\...\
By the way welcome! I hope you will find your way through this amazing
but no so simple tool. If you want to make YaCy your main search
application to my mind it requires a bit of learning time. My advice
would be to experiment and play regularly with it, not expecting from it
to replace immediately your usual favourite search engines.\
\

> <div>
>
> \
> What are the realistic hardware requirements for this? A lot of the
> discussions and tutorials seem to focus on specific use cases.\
>
> </div>

\
From my (partial) own experience, I would say the following is a good
start for a small (no more than a few millions indexed documents)
general purpose peer :\
- 1GB RAM, a few dedicated GB space disk, 2 Ghz processor\
Important : if you don\'t have that much disk space, you should
regularly clean the index, manually or with a scheduled task (see this
other
[thread](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/viewtopic.php?f=23&t=5964#p33548){.postlink}
for some more details)\
\

> <div>
>
> \
> Are there any simple tricks or tips to improve results and relevance
> for general search?\
>
> </div>

\
- you can struggle with ranking parameters, but another way that can
work fine in many cases is to crawl the websites you are interested in,
even just their index page. Of course you don\'t want to crawl the whole
internet and that is not the idea of this project, but having in your
own local index enough websites that are relevant especially for you
will help. Improving the relevance of results from other peers is not an
easy task.\
\

> <div>
>
> \
> Is there any encryption or anonymity in peer searches? Is any planned?
> (that would be great)\
>
> </div>

\
- Peer to peer communication is not exactly clear text, but basically
base 64 encoded. Strong encryption between peers is something to
consider, and https could do the job. But we have to be careful : I
mean, does it really makes sense to encrypt communications with
untrusted peers if users have no more way to analyse what is going in
and out on their network? [Private information
retrieval](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_information_retrieval){.postlink}
techniques could also be promising, but I am not sure whether it is
already accessible apart to cryptography specialists.\
\
See you soon

Statistik: Verfasst von
[luc](http://forum.yacy-websuche.de/memberlist.php?mode=viewprofile&u=9609)
--- Mi Apr 05, 2017 8:37 am

------------------------------------------------------------------------
