Women-in-Tech-Kolumne bei Bloomberg. Money Quote:I \...
=======================================================

Date: 2017-08-12 02:25:50

[Women-in-Tech-Kolumne bei
Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2017-08-09/as-a-woman-in-tech-i-realized-these-are-not-my-people).
Money Quote:

> I came into work one Monday morning and joined the guys at our work
> table, and one of them said "What did you do this weekend?"
>
> I was in the throes of a brief, doomed romance. I had attended a
> concert that Saturday night. I answered the question with an account
> of both. The guys stared blankly. Then silence. Then one of them said:
> "I built a fiber-channel network in my basement," and our co-workers
> fell all over themselves asking him to describe every step in loving
> detail.
>
> At that moment I realized that fundamentally, these are not my people.
> I liked the work. But I was never going to like it enough to blow a
> weekend doing more of it for free. Which meant that I was never going
> to be as good at that job as the guys around me.

Fürs Archiv: Das ist natürlich ein Fehlschluss, dass man besser in
seinem Job ist, nur weil man am Wochenende zuhause rumgenerded hat. Da
gibt es möglicherweise eine Korrelation, aber das ist sicher kein
Kausalzusammenhang.

> Thinking back to those women I knew in IT, I can\'t imagine any of
> them would have spent a weekend building a fiber-channel network in
> her basement.
>
> I'm not saying such women don't exist; I know they do. I'm just saying
> that if they exist in equal numbers to the men, it's odd that I met so
> very many men like that, and not even one woman like that, in a job
> where all the women around me were obviously pretty comfortable with
> computers. We can't blame it on residual sexism that prevented women
> from ever getting into the field; the number of women working with
> computers has actually gone down over time. And I find it hard to
> blame it on current sexism. No one told that guy to go home and build
> a fiber-channel network in his basement; no one told me I couldn't.
> It's just that I would never in a million years have chosen to waste a
> weekend that way.
