Noch ein bisschen Nachschlag zu dem Intel-Meltdown-Bug.Hier \...
================================================================

Date: 2018-01-08 19:57:44

Noch ein bisschen Nachschlag zu dem Intel-Meltdown-Bug.

[Hier ist DragonflyBSD
dazu](http://lists.dragonflybsd.org/pipermail/users/2018-January/313758.html).
Money Quote:

> Unfortunately, the only mitigation possible is to remove the kernel
> memory mappings from the user MMU map, which means that every single
> system call and interrupt (and the related return to userland later)
> must reload the MMU twice. This will add 150ns - 250ns of overhead to
> every system call and interrupt. System calls usually have an overhead
> of only 100ns, so now it will be 250nS - 350nS of overhead on Intel
> CPUs.
>
> \[...\]
>
> I should note that we kernel programmers have spent decades trying to
> reduce system call overheads, so to be sure, we are all pretty pissed
> off at Intel right now. Intel\'s press releases have also been HIGHLY
> DECEPTIVE.
>
> \[...\]
>
> These bugs (both Meltdown and Spectre) really have to be fixed in the
> CPUs themselves. Meltdown is the 1000 pound gorilla. I won\'t be
> buying any new Intel chips that require the mitigation. I\'m really
> pissed off at Intel.

[OpenBSD macht drei Kreuze, dass sie zumindest auf ARM nicht betroffen
sind](https://marc.info/?l=openbsd-tech&m=151527717000808&w=2).

Und [von FreeBSD hört
man](https://twitter.com/bsdimp/status/950056316642275328), dass Intel
ihnen einen Tag vor Weihnachten (!) Bescheid gegeben hat. *Hey, äh,
Jungs, öhm, ihr müsst da mal kurz euren Code ein bisschen
umschreiben!1!!* Ja super!

**Update**: [Hier ein Statement der
Linux-Leute](http://kroah.com/log/blog/2018/01/06/meltdown-status/), die
auch eher unzufrieden wirken.
