Dieser Artikel, \"What really happened with Vista\", \...
=========================================================

Date: 2018-01-14 20:24:21

[Dieser Artikel, \"What really happened with
Vista\"](https://blog.usejournal.com/what-really-happened-with-vista-an-insiders-retrospective-f713ee77c239),
hat ein paar Absätze über die Schlangenölindustrie, die ich hier mal
zitieren will:

> In many cases, these security changes meant deep architectural changes
> were required to third party solutions. And most ecosystem vendors
> were not incented to invest heavily in their legacy apps. Some of
> these solutions took the unorthodox approach of modifying data
> structures and even instructions in the kernel in order to implement
> their functionality, bypassing APIs and multiprocessor locks that
> often caused havoc. Antivirus vendors were notorious for using this
> approach.
>
> In my role as the head of Microsoft security, I personally spent many
> years explaining to antivirus vendors why we would no longer allow
> them to "patch" kernel instructions and data structures in memory, why
> this was a security risk, and why they needed to use approved APIs
> going forward, that we would no longer support their legacy apps with
> deep hooks in the Windows kernel --- the same ones that hackers were
> using to attack consumer systems. Our "friends", the antivirus
> vendors, turned around and sued us, claiming we were blocking their
> livelihood and abusing our monopoly power! With friends like that, who
> needs enemies? They just wanted their old solutions to keep working
> even if that meant reducing the security of our mutual
> customer --- the very thing they were supposed to be improving.

Nur damit ihr das auch mal von jemand anderem als immer nur mir gehört
habt.
